"Craving something sweet and refreshing? 
Do what I do: take yourself on a date with Rita!

A regular ice topped with custard will set you back a cool $4.10, including tax, and you'll have your pick of about eight ice flavors and four custards. My pick, when it's in stock, is root beer float ice- cool like the soda, with a slight cream flavor, topped with thick vanilla custard. 

Vegas heat doesn't get much more bearable than with one of these in your hand."
"As the name suggests, Jamboree is a great spot to get your bagel fix. They have a variety of fresh-made rings (boiled for the NY taste!) and house-made schmears, which always make a great breakfast. I enjoyed the Super Egg (egg + everything seasoning) with scallion. I did not notice a lox sandwich on the menu, which is my usual go-to.  
 
They offer lunch and dinner service, as well as a case of pastries (didn't see black and whites) and various daily breakfast plate specials. Several reviews compare this spot to Bagel Cafe, and I can see how this is a smaller alternative to consider if you live in the area. I can recommend this location but it's a bit out of my way to come regularly myself.

TIP: Grab your bagel and schmear to go, then pop by Aware Coffee en route to the freeway!"
"NOTE: Yelp has two listings for this business but even after submitting edits, will not remove or merge them. The other page is under Jin Jin You Wei. Not sure what the deal is, or if that's just a translation. Former space occupied by Island Malaysian #2, in the same building as Ichiza.

Now that that's out of the way...
Went in to grab takeout, was the only customer for dinner at 7PM on a weekday. Small order took literally half an hour to come out and the food was mediocre.

Ordered the steamed dumplings and lamb pancake. Dumplings were mushy, overcooked, and bland. Taste and appearance were identical to what you'd get frozen in a bag at the grocery store and boiling yourself. Pancake contained a small portion of flavorful lamb- too bad it was overshadowed by all the grease. Opened the takeout box to a puddle of oil. picked up the pancake and had it all over my hands, bit in and got a mouthful of it too. Gross!

Service was dismal at best. As the only customer, the wait time was unacceptable and no excuse or apology was given. I found it frustrating that the dumplings only come 10/order and cannot be mixed and matched with other flavors or styles. I thought it was a reasonable request, and possibly one they should consider in light of their lack of customers as a new business. Server barely spoke to me, not even when dropping off or picking up my bill."
"Great for a date night or family fun, go see a game with the 51s!
I knew we had a minor league baseball team, but I didn't know anything about them until I was given free tickets for a game- the stadium is small but all seats have a great view, and if you purchase tickets in advance they're really cheap. The entertainment between innings is limited but family-friendly- try to snap a photo with Comet, the alien mascot!

Parking is $4 or free with a season pass. Dining options are priced comparable to any other sports venue ($4 hotdogs, $5 nachos, $7 beers, etc) but selection is better than expected: popcorn, crackerjacks, burgers, snow cones, and Dippin Dots ice cream.  

Special shoutout to seats A1 and A2 in section 8- phenomenal view, face value of $9 when purchased in advance. Can't beat that!"
"No one ever comes here to have a good time- unless they're getting a marriage license, I guess, but even that might not be what you expect.

In any case, I was surprised by the security measures taken upon entry- almost as strict as TSA! Shoes off, pockets emptied, everything in a plastic bin to put on the conveyer belt, scowling men in uniforms running the lines. 

I was also surprised by how nice the building itself was, actually- we were in courtroom 16A, and though the building is clearly tall as hell from the outside, I guess I didn't realize the WHOLE building was the courthouse. 
From up there, the views are amazing. Getting up there was fairly easy, though first thing in the morning the elevators form a line- ridiculous considering there are 6 of them (not all run all the time though) and each can fit like 10 people. 

Inside the court room, acoustics are pretty terrible IMO but everyone we encountered was professional and polite, from the bailiff to the judge, to whatever role the other people present played.

TIPS:
Try to find metered parking two steets over, the parking garage across the street starts at a steep $6/hr. Small deli across the street from the main entrance, usually some food trucks turn up around lunch time."
"Frankly, I was surprised to find healthy food in the 'hood. Fresh juices and salads, smoothies and omelets, and large, veggie-packed paninis! Prices are reasonable, store is clean, and service is friendly. However, service also speaks limited English, so you may need to use hand gestures to order. 

Minus one star because the parking lot is dangerous: not because it's a sketchy area (it's fine), but the spaces are tiny and the lot has narrow entrance/exits, without signs. Almost got into an accident both getting into and getting out of the lot, which is a deterrent to coming again."
"Fabulous design- from the outside, I never expected this restaurant to look so upscale and classy inside! The menu is simple but focuses on classic dishes and some sushi rolls: we opted for the grilled squid, the drunken noodles with shrimp, and the Twilight roll. 

The GRILLED SQUID was the best of our dishes: plated beautifully and served with a delicious sweet thai sauce that left us wanting more, just the perfect amount of char on it for flavor. A very simple, classic dish done very well. I'd come back for that dish.
The DRUNKEN NOODLES: the shrimp were perfectly cooked and the portion of noodles wasn't too overwhelming. We ordered a 4 on the 1-10 spice scale and it had good heat without overpowering the dish. The bits of crunchy basil were a nice touch that added to the otherwise homogenous texture of the dish.
TWILIGHT ROLLl: again, beautifully plated, with slices of lemon stuck between the pieces of sushi. The roll itself was on the light side in terms of size and flavor, I felt like it was missing something; but given the ingredients (cream cheese and tempura shrimp among them) I liked that the dish didn't weigh me down or feel overly fatty.

Also snagged the free thai tea with Yelp check in. I was surprised to see how good this place was, considering they were completely empty during dinner- this is a place that's out of the way for me, and I'm hoping they find a way to pick up business and stay open. 
Edit: they didn't. :("
"Formerly a food truck, the Hummus Factory finally has a brick and mortar spot- conveniently located near several gyms for healthy pre- or post-workout eats! Don't worry though, their menu isn't all healthy stuff- but it IS all tasty.

Highly recommend their salads- start at $10, add on protein separately. Price seems steep til you realize the portion could feed a whole family. The Greek with Falafel was literally all I ate one day, fresh and packed with olives. Add a side of hummus and pita, which comes out piping hot from the oven. 

Went in another day for a chicken shawarma wrap- super moist with tons of tahini and grilled onions. For best results, upgrade to the eggplant fries, they're lightly battered and seasoned and frankly, life-changing. I dip them in straight Sriracha and dream of them. My guy loved the combination lunch plate(chicken and steak). The grilled onions on that are awesome too, and I like how they use a sauce and herbs in their rice to keep it from being the same generic white rice you get everywhere else in town. Meat and veggies were perfectly grilled.

Service is super friendly and treats you like a regular after just one visit. Food comes out fast and everything is super fresh. Next time, I'm having the shrimp scampi and Greek burger. And the feta app. Okay, so the whole menu probably.

TIP: Check in on the Yelp app for free hummus!"
"The stuffed pizza slices are the bomb- it's basically a thinner version of a deep dish style pizza, with cheese and meat stuffed between two crisp layers of crust. They're around $5 each and easily make a lunch, served with a cup of marinara for dipping. 

The salads and pastas here are not their forte- maybe it's just the dressing, but the antipasto salad had ample toppings but nothing interesting going on flavor-wise. Meat quality seemed just so-so, and the ""house italian"" looked like it was packed with herbs but tasted more like plain oil. Fellow diners who opted for pasta specials mentioned that they were overcooked and mushy rather than al dente as expected.

They have a limited list of lunch specials ($7, five options) and outdoor dining tables with umbrellas. Though it's set up as though you walk in and order, then wait for your food to be brought out, they only do takeout orders at the counter and if you are dining in, you have a server. Beer and wine are available."
"This place is tops! Khoury's recently moved across town and are now dangerously convenient for me. The location is nice and relaxed, with patio seating and a chill vibe- great weekend lunch spot.

The salads are my usual pick here, $10 each but huge and loaded with toppings. The Greek with shrimp (+$4) and the Mediterranean Garbanzo (add lamb, or not) are my favorites. 

Their lunch specials are well priced: $10 for a small entree (my guy likes the stuffed cabbage rolls) with a choice of side (their hummus is great!) and pita bread. Their bread is noteworthy because it's made fresh in house, super-soft and chewy. 

Service is polite, call in your order if you're in a rush, and snag a loyalty card: spend enough and you'll get a $10 credit. Shirts, spice blends, and some small gifts available for purchase at the hostess stand."
"I have driven past the Coffee pub more times than I care to remember- because until yesterday, they were usually always closed. But finally, I made it by when they were open!

Walked in toward the end of lunch for a takeout order. I went with their daily special, the Baja Chicken sandwich- chicken with olives and onions and a chipotle sauce and two kinds of cheese, with tomatoes, and lettuce. Each sandwich comes with a side, (potato or pasta salad, chips or fruit)- I chose the pasta salad. I also added the Chai This blended drink- chai, banana, protein powder, and soy milk.

Service was friendly though they nearly mixed my order up with a group order.  Dining room with the barista is surrounded by windows and has almost an old school diner feel to it- but there is far more space in the other adjacent dining room than I expected. Larger than it appears on the outside.

Got home with my meal- sipped the chai drink as I drove and it was delicious! A bit steep at over $6 for a 24 ounce cup, but it was tasty. Sandwich was $8.50 including the pasta, and the sandwich itself was enormous! I only ate half and gave the other piece to my BF, along with the pickle. Pasta salad was also a decent portion, served in a lidded Styrofoam cup to keep it cold and prevent spills. Also fresh and flavorful, with bits of tomato and a creamy white sauce similar to salad dressing.

Delicious sandwich, good portions, lots of variety on menu- will come back to try another sandwich, or perhaps a soup. Today they were out of cream of mushroom, but let me know it usually sells out fast."
"595 is definitely a gastropub- the dark, industrial redesign of the former Elements space is highlighted by a menu focusing on brews, burgers, and shareable apps. Visited with some of my favorite dudes and tried a handful of stuff on the menu. Overall consensus was that the slow-cooked pork belly is a standout but most other dishes were on the salty side- maybe this effect is lessened when there is more drinking involved.

The beer cheese app (featuring pretzel rolls from Great Buns bakery) was accented with flaked sea salt that it really didn't need. The roux-based sauce was decently smooth though. The classic poutine arrived to the table slightly cold and with an egg verging on over-hard rather than runny, but the portion size was large and the fries are made from fresh-cut potatoes which always makes them tastier. Needed more cheese curds! The sandwiches seemed to fare a bit better, with the pork belly bahn mi being thick and savory while the fried chicken sandwich (warned as being spicy) was also notably salty. Opting for a side salad over the fries might be a better option if sodium intake is an issue.

Though I don't drink, I'm told the beer list is pretty interesting. There's seating at four-tops, high-tops, and the bar, as well as a small (currently unused) patio space. So far, no word on a happy hour or any brunch offerings, but those will likely come in time. I'm open to a revisit to try a couple of other dishes; the burrata app, bundino dessert, and brisket bahn mi all sound good on paper but I'll give them a bit more time to get the kitchen flowing better."
"I thought this was a restaurant, but apparently it's just a hobby.

Drove half an hour out of my way to a sign saying they were closed ""due to a family emergency."" Reading through other reviews, this is not an isolated incident and apparently happens with a fair amount of frequency. 

We don't live in a communist country (yet)-  no one is mandating your hours. If you can't keep your own business hours, you should probably change them to something you CAN commit to.

If this were a one-time thing, I'd be inclined to be sympathetic- but clearly it isn't."
"Crepes + Happy Hour + live music and in-store events!  This little spot has a lot going on. Offering sweet, savory, and even seafood crepes, all are named after a city or country, based on the ingredients. They also offer an ""around the world"" 8-course option ($45/pp, by reservation only) that sounds cool.

HH offers discounted mini-crepes at $5-7 each with a drink purchase (they have beer, wine, and some sparkling water cocktails). I started with the refreshing Peach Ambrosia (a sparkling drink with fruit, apricot and orange flavors also available). The Greek crepe (chicken, feta, peppers, with a yogurt-dill sauce) was solid, as was their featured daily special (chicken, spinach, mushroom, caramelized onion, brie). I would come back to try more. 

NOTE: They offer vegan and GF batter options for an additional fee (~$2?)."
"Hummus is yummus- both the chickpea spread itself and this particular new restaurant! I live clear across town and am actively looking for opportunities to come by more often. What has me so impressed? 

The quality is a huge factor- non-GMO and organic when possible, a large variety of textures and herbs, everything from sauces to spreads made in-house daily, and everything so fresh they don't even have a freezer. Not only is everything delicious, but add in their stellar service, Stubborn sodas, house teas, and movie wall decor? I can't NOT love this place. 

I started with a bowl- the classic hummus and baba are both good picks for your base, combine your greens however you wish, pick or combine lentils and herbed rice for your carbs, and you're already looking at a hefty portion before you get to the protein and toppings! Their falafel is vegan perfection, but they also have seasonal veggies as another option. Carnivores have a huge variety and the lamb will be my next pick. Then go hog-wild with colorful and textually diverse toppings from herbed feta to cherry tomatoes, marinated onions, fresh mint, pomegranate seeds, and roasted chickpeas. If that's not enough flavor for you, add sauce- the harissa has a nice savory heat and the tzatziki is nicely cooling  but the classic garlic is my fave. 

Next time I'll probably try a wrap, but now that I know how good they are, I'll likely be loading up and taking multiple meals- at under $10/order for a giant portion, why wouldn't you?"
"The $12 Monday night Prime Rib special will pull you in. Don't believe the hype.

BF is a huge prime rib fan, and when I stumbled across this place i thought I'd struck gold and found a Monday night that fit our schedules to bring him in for a surprise date night. And my carefully-laid plans bombed.

Placed his order for the prime rib special with mashed potatoes, bummed to hear it does not come with a vegetable despite many mentions in other reviews and pictures here of a veggie side. Waitress told us a side would set us back $2- for bar veggies? No thanks. My order was for the 10oz NY, which did come with a veggie, mashed potatoes as a side as well. Both of us added on a side salad for $1 extra, with bleu cheese dressing.

Now, if the first element of your meal is a side salad, and you are unable to finish it, that's probably a bad sign. The salad itself was fine and decently fresh but the dressing had seen better days- it neither smelled nor tasted like and bleu cheese dressing I've ever had in my life, and we couldn't put our finger on whether it was supposed to be a yogurt-based ranch dressing, or if it was spoiled.
Waitress cleared our still-full salad bowls in confusion, and when we mentioned that the dressing was off/funky, all she had to say was, ""Well it came straight from the bottle."" Um, then maybe check the expiration date on that bottle.

Then our entrees were brought out. BF's rare prime rib was medium rare only in the middle, and easily 1/3rd of it was fat while another 1/3rd of it appeared to be brown in color and possibly spoiled.  It tasted like more of a roast than any prime rib I've ever had.
My steak also had a good 1/3rd of the meat consisting of fat, and not even just around the edges of the steak itself but globs of fat within the middle of the steak- very, very low quality meat. I know my expectations for bar food are low, but come on ...

For a $30 meal, we literally ate about 1/5 of his prime rib (we were put off by the rest of it), and maybe 2/3rd of my steak, plus the broccoli and potatoes. Not really the value it's advertised as.
On top of that, we barely made it to the car before our stomachs started hurting.

To end on a positive note, our waitress was super friendly and sweet, though I'm a little perturbed that she didn't offer a solution or even begin to address the quality issues with our meal. That being said, she's a server and not a manager or in charge of who is selected as a supplier, so she's not really the one to discuss those matters with any way. Considering we had maybe five bites of our salads, I expected them to be removed from our bill- even if it was only a measley $2.

Only redeeming factor of our meal was the beer my BF ordered- it was a JW Dundee Nut Brown Ale and it was delicious."
"I was referred here by a parts supplier after running into issues with my usual mechanic. From the initial phone call to leaving after my visit, service was solid- knowledgeable, straightforward, professional. 

Had several issues getting the actual work done, from the problem being more complex than originally thought, a delay with a part delivery, and another warning light popping up on my dash- but things were handled pretty well considering it was a larger time commitment than originally expected, just prior to a holiday weekend. I do wish that all of my issues had been addressed before I left, but I will keep Michael and the guys in mind for future work.

Notes: This garage does specialize in older, hot-rod style vehicles. Labor is $145/hr. They do not take appointments and are not open weekends."
"Mediocre. There used to be a Pinks in the space that failed. I'd like to meet the moron who thought, ""Oh, a hotdog chain with brand recognition didn't work out here... let's try a generic with lower standards, that'll do the trick!""
It doesn't.

Double-char dog is overly charred to the point that it's almost like jerky, not a hot dog. On the bright side, the bun didn't fall apart, but I took two bites and had no interest in finishing the thing. Not a good reaction considering it's a $7 hotdog and my immediate reaction was ""7-11 has got this place beat.""

Add to the mediocrity by being out of cheese. Their cheese fries were likely going to be the only redeeming factor for my meal, but they're out. On a Monday. Here's an idea, maybe go stock up? Except the employees don't seem to give a crap. Service was dismal throughout visit."
"The cutest little crepe shop just opened by my work! Aiming to bring the most authentic French crepes to Summerlin, the modern-rustic interior has major Pottery Barn vibes, with nautical blue and white Brittany flags everywhere- that's where owners Catherine and Jean-Jacques and their recipes hail from!

Open for breakfast, lunch, and weekend brunch and dinners, the menu has a good mix of buckwheat galettes (savory crepes), dessert crepes, and a few French classics thrown in for good measure (quiche, croques madame and monsieur, coffees, and baked goods). They have combos that course galettes, crepes, and beverages or desserts, and prices are fair.

Tried the swiss and cream mushroom galette on my first visit, at Catherine's recommendation, and really enjoyed it. Amount of filling was just right, the mushrooms were plentiful and tasty, and the small side salad was a nice accent. Looking forward to inviting in a group for a brunch event to try La Bretonne (Brie, onions, potato, sausage) and La West Coast (Swiss, salmon, cream leeks)."
"I pop in here on the weekends every few months to see what's new- or not, seeing as this is an antique mall. Though there are different ""booths"" like a flea market, the store has an organized and well-styled feel. 

You can find several different decades, styles, and kitchy brands represented here, from Hawaiian tiki to vintage Coke and Pepsi merch, tons of old school Disney, 70s and mod décor accents and mannequins, and more. There are themed areas like country chic, wild western, and frilly grandma-styles you expect to see in an antiques store.

By far my favorite items are furniture and jewelry- rustic modern and art deco engagement rings being my main targets when I'm on the hunt. I love that the majority of the items here are well-curated and displayed to sell. There's less junk and niche collectibles and more quality finds here than at other similar places."
"Herbs, crystals, and occult texts, oh my! This little shop has it all, along with small gift items like handmade soaps, earrings, and carved wooden figures. The loose crystal selection has mostly smaller, basic rocks but they are affordably priced. There's also a small make-your-own-charms section with small beads and figurines.

The shop carries it's own line of essential oils and blends, along with some locally-sourced candles and incense. I believe you can order many of their items online, but doing that would keep you from experiencing the unique old-bookstore atmosphere that I really enjoyed."
"Owner/Chef Olivier is super friendly and introduced himself as I perused the menu- opted to get two sandwiches to share with my guy (the Eggplant and the Chipotle) along with a cup of the soup of the day (roasted red pepper). Sandwiches were made fresh to order, brought out wrapped up tight and hot to the touch. Wait time was a reasonable ten minutes.

Chipotle was delish, with chipotle sauce, chicken, bacon, avocado, and pepper jack cheese- lots of flavor and a tiny bit of kick without too much spice.
Eggplant sandwich was better than expected, with fresh-grilled veggie, mozzarella, and tomato pesto, served on a fresh and chewy baguette that held up despite the moisture of the sauces and the ample amount of stuffing in the sandwich itself.

Soup was good and clearly homemade- flavorful and creamy without feeling heavy. Cup is a tiny portion, BF inhaled it and I barely got a taste. Didn't expect him to enjoy this flavor but it was gone so fast, he must have! ;)

Wish hours were more convenient for early dinners or weekends to visit regularly. 

TIP: Location can be difficult to find. From Sunset, turn into the office park and wind your way to the very back (towards the highway). Yes, you can get here without being on the 215 access road."
"Underwhelming. Came for a UYE with my guy, met up with a bunch of fellow Yelpers. Service was decently attentive and polite, but product was dismal despite the discounted rate we were offered.

Leos was telling us all about the company background- they have the same concept restaurant in China, where they do very well. Décor, particularly the lighting, is clearly very expensive and upscale. White and red minimalist style with wood tables and creative drawings on the wall make this an attractive place, and the giant shrimp on their exterior signage is eye-catching.

But this particular plaza is not highly trafficked and the signage is mostly missed by street traffic- not sure where they're advertising but to be as empty as they were on a Friday night, it is clearly not enough.

The crawfish we had only came in two flavors: their house Hot Feel sauce and garlic, available in mild, medium, and hot. Flavors were not very pronounced and were rather one-note with a lack of depth but they were not bad. 

I notice a lot of other reviews complimenting their garlic shrimp, and would consider returning to try them- but if they're in the same sauce I don't think I would be impressed. Price point is the same as Hot N Juicy, but quality of product and flavor of sauces is not on par with the competition.

Also tried the lamb skewers at Leos' recommendation, and while they weren't bad it didn't do anything for me. They are better skewers than what I recently had from Fat Dumpling down the street recently though.

This restaurant currently has a Groupon up- worth picking up to try the version of seafood served here at a good discount."
"Simplicity Salon really is pretty simple- make your appointment online with your stylist or tech, show up and get politely greeted and offered a beverage, receive your service in a clean and professional environment, leave looking and feeling better! 

My visits have been to see Kim, who does my hair color- she also does cuts and styles. Other staff here do waxing and nails, and they may also do massage and facial services. Kim has been doing my color for a few months now and her pricing is extremely reasonable and my hair looks good. She's also extremely personable and easy to talk to, like catching up with a friend- highly recommend her.

Note that there is a check-in offer for a free lip wax. I haven't yet used it, but it's definitely an added incentive to seek out other services here."
"First impression is that this place is very clean but a little confusing- you walk in and see a buffet-type set up, but it's not being utilized and looks like there's a lot of junk around the kitchen area. I was immediately greeted and handed a menu, which has American breakfast specialties on the front, and inside is a small kabob selection, naan pizzas, and burgers. Very odd combination of offerings.

Ordered the chicken kabob platter to go, and was offered a breaded chicken wing to sample while I waited- they are trying out new menu items. The wing was huge and mostly composed of breading, which is not what I'm looking for at all when I'm ordering wings. Flavor was okay, but the wing itself was just weird.

Got home with my food in a reasonable amount of time and it was nice and hot- the kabobs were delicious, and my BF snagged a few bites even after devouring his sandwich. The rice in particular was very good: I'm not one to rave about rice, but it was moist and flavorful, and had some white, some yellow, and some orange in it- likely a combination of white and saffron rice, with additional seasonings. The naan and salad were also fresh, and the portion was generous, and on par with the $10 total. Best part of the meal was the cilantro sauce for the kabobs- it was killer. Highly recommend, get it on anything."
"BAZ showcases director Baz Luhrmann's hit trio of vivid, musical romance films: Romeo + Juliet, Moulin Rouge, and Gatsby. His distinct style is evident in every aspect of this production from the detailed costumes, creative sets, and the best songs from each movie.  You don't need to be a fan of the original material to enjoy this show, but it helps if you go as a date due to the strong love theme.

This play is a mashup of the three stories, with six different leads and several performers who mix in and out of each story line. The dancers, musicians, and singers are quite talented, with the tango-dancing couple and Satine being standouts. The action is non-stop, with dancers and singers all over the stage and in and out of the audience. While not a huge fan of the movie versions, I really did enjoy the high energy and dazzling visual effects of this show.

I ordered online with a Cyber Monday discount code and at will call, was first asked if I was picking up for Fill A Seat (a free ticket service). Maybe rethink that, as it would tick me off to find out after the fact if I had that membership. Our usher upgraded us from floor seats to a cocktail table on stage (#8), which was a nice touch and made us feel like we were right in the action- not the best seat to see some scenes toward the back center stage, though."
"Even before we formally made plans to come to Vegas, BF insisted this was a place he had to take me. We're not super outdoorsy, but our home climate and vegetation (San Antonio) leaves something to be desired when we are in the mood to hike. 
So when we found ourselves in Vegas to visit some friends recently, before it got too hot, he made a point of scheduling a day for us to come out here by ourselves. 
We aren't very good at thinking ahead, so barely had any gas by the time we arrived- a polite guy at the gate let us pay and turn around, go back and get more gas, then return so that we could adequately survive the scenic loop drive without having to keep such a close eye on the gas gauge.
It was late afternoon (3PM?) when we arrived, and we probably stayed til nearly 6PM- saw lots of families and couples, hikers and climbers and bikers, and one particularly dedicated runner who probably kept the same pace as we did while driving and stopping.
There are multiple sites to stop at with different vegetation and rock formations, and smaller trails to walk on along the way. We opted against doing a formal hike and instead just got out of the car when we saw something we liked and walked around on the trails and such, without getting too far away from the parking areas.
I was really impressed by one woman who was scaling one of the first rock walls- she must have been halfway up and the sun was already beginning its descent. No idea how long that took her, but it was impressive and looked like fun- we're not at that level yet.
The parking provided was ample, and the trails are clear without being overly commercialized, so you still feel like you're out in nature without any great risk.
We took lots of beautiful pictures, and I'm sure we'll be coming back again. Lord knows I can only take so many casinos."
"Amazing quality and freshness hidden in an unassuming location. The exterior really doesn't reflect the prices and service you'll find here- I can see some people walking in, taking one look at the menu and hightailing it out. I was almost one of them! But BF insisted we stick around, because years ago he was blown away by the food.

I am happy to agree that the food, years later, is still legitimately amazing. The bread basket has three different kinds of pita and other carby deliciousness, which all go perfectly with the HERBS & FETA appetizer ($7), plated with fresh mint, tarragon, basil, and vegetables. The KOOBIDEH and CHICKEN KABOB plates ($15/ea) both had heaps of heavenly rice and roasted tomatoes, plus tender and well-seasoned skewers. The chicken was some of the best I've had, juicy and flavorful throughout.

They have a variety of kabob plates and more traditional dishes like stews, but the prices are going to be steeper than you expect- average entrée is $20-30 but again, the quality is top notch. 

The service also deserves a shout out, as the staff are exceedingly professional. Interior is much classier than the location and exterior might suggest. Heavy carved wood chairs, white linen table clothes, fresh flowers on each table. Your date may even get a long-stemmed rose with the check!

Don't forget to check out the attached grocery market on your way out."
"This place is clever- their ""secret menu"" board is just to the left of the cashier, right in plain sight. There, you can find amazing things.

 I'm referring specifically to their Blended Vietnamese coffee drink- it's like coffee-flavored crack in a cup, blended like a dessert. It's so deliciously intoxicating, that I'd be hard-pressed to turn down a proposal if it were accompanied by one of these drinks. Take notes, suitors!

Interior is pleasant with KPOP music videos playing, service is upbeat and friendly, wifi is free, and upgrading your drink to a large is just $1 more- what more could you want?!"
"Like most other reviews, I came to MOzen for Restaurant Week. The dinner menu was three courses, and thanks to my fellow Yelper dining companions, Neli T and Cathey K, I was able to try all of the dishes. The lunch menu also looked pretty promising, but the dinner-exclusive dessert made this the best choice for me.

SALT AND PEPPER CALAMARI: Started with an app off the regular menu, which was lightly breaded and perfectly fried but not particularly salty or peppery. 
SUSHI COMBO: Porcelain bento-style plate featured five bites of fresh fish for this course. The seaweed salad was creatively served in a hollowed-out lime half, and the tuna with caviar was super fresh. The fried tofu, however, was a bit soggy.
THAI BEEF SALAD: Beautiful presentation! Marinated rib eye was very flavorful, dressing was light, portion was fairly large.
ROASTED BONE OUT BRANZINO: The fish was perfectly cooked but could have used a touch more seasoning. The sweet Vierge sauce didn't quite work for me but I really liked the fregola and corn pasta with walnuts, grilled haloumi, and mint, which had a lot of textural contrast.
MURGH MAKHANI: A course of four Indian dishes served in a wooden bento style box. The chicken curry was a bit sweeter than I prefer, while the lentils were a touch salty. The naan was super fresh, though.
LA FRAISE YUZU: Almost too pretty to eat! But we did, and it tasted even better than it looked. A Greek yogurt topped with a summer strawberry sauce and gelato, with yuzu foam and almond streusel. Another dish with fun textures, but this was a nice bit of sweetness without being too sweet, either. The yuzu flavors could have been more pronounced but this was wonderful as is. 

I'll be keeping MOzen in mind- the incredible dining room views and exclusive location make this a good special occasion spot. The RW lunch menu also looks like a great value, and allows diners to try several dishes bento-style to get a feel for the restaurant's quality and diversity."
"This location is poorly set up, from the parking lot to the entrances to the layout itself:
angles of parking spaces often have people driving the wrong way down the row, and the exterior does not say which entrance closes at night so you may go in and park directly in front of one only to have to maneuver your cart over speed bumps and across the entire lot when you leave after the doors are locked--- at an absurdly early 8PM.
The right-hand entrance goes straight to the deli section, but that's also where they store the shopping carts, so you may be blocked from actually entering the store. If it's not carts, the absurdly long line to the tax/banking business will block you, too.

And prices are hella high here, unless you're deliberately going in for featured items in their circular- how on earth they're charging $12 for a bottle of McCormick's ground cloves, I have no idea. I went in to get it for a recipe and left without it, those are highway robbery prices. Up to twice the price for produce, too.

But sometimes you'll luck out and find $3 off stickers on their butcher packages of chicken thighs, bringing them down to sane pricing. Their boneless skinless chicken breasts regularly get put down to $1.49/pound, too, which is good to look out for.

On the bright side, staff tends to be on the friendly side and the self-checkout is nearly always open.

Ultimately I'll still shop here, since it's on my route to/from work and they tend to have good specials- but I exercise caution when picking up items that aren't on sale."
"The truck, the truck, the truck is on fire!
We don't need no water 'cause the truck is making pizza!

Okay, so my version of Flo Rida's hit single isn't likely to make the airwaves, but you have to admit: a custom made food truck trailer with a wood burning pizza oven INSIDE OF IT is pretty freakin' bomb, right? 

Mama Napoli has good pizza- not good pizza ""for a truck"", good pizza in general, even comparing to sit-down restaurants. That wood-burning oven is key, and smells amazing. Opted for the Bella Napoli ($17), with tomato sauce, olive oil, oregano, garlic, onion, fresh mozz, and ricotta, topped with a forest of arugula. It's cheesy, crispy, and chewy, and perfect after having a few brews at Tenaya Creek- which is where they're currently stationed on Friday nights. 

Staff at the truck are friendly, orders come out fast, toppings are plentiful, and size is more than enough for sharing- 14"" serves 2 to 3, depending on appetite. Get your camera phone ready, because they do toss the dough in the viewing window area and follow them on IG to keep track of where they'll be next."
"This place is the best. Right by The Lakes, small and dark, and consistently quiet even when it's busy. The same staff have been here forever, like Russ and Darren. Each day is a different featured dinner, and they're all so good they sell out by like 9pm. 

Went recently after hearing my bf and his homeboy reminisce and rave about this place after moving away from Vegas, and it did not disappoint.  Ordered the chicken fried chicken with veggies and mashed potatoes with white gravy and a bowl of the French onion soup.
And it was all amazing. The chicken was well seasoned, flavorful and moist, the mashed potatoes were better than your grandmas and went perfect with the chicken. The veggies were steamed with a delicious seasoning blend and weren't soggy or overlooked at all.
Oh and the French onion soup? It's the best I've ever had. If you've had a bad order of French onion soup, this place will redeem the soup and restore your faith in the tastiness of onions. No joke.

The service is great, there are plenty of TVs to watch a game, and there is zero obligation whatsoever to socialize. Love that- sometimes I want tasty food and/or a drink, but I don't want to look presentable or communicate in any way outside of grunting. This place fits the bill and then some- their house amber is delicious, and the fact that they have their own beers on draft is pretty killer.

Come on Fridays and Saturdays for prime rib, or do Wednesday's pot roast. Come early though, or they'll run out."
"I don't care if the food here is made of solid gold, the owner/manager has ZERO customer service skills. I've now spent $20 on two different Groupons to try to eat here with a discount. No one is forcing them to do business with Groupon, it is their choice.

First experience: Came in and there was a large group dining. Server ignored me for several minutes, then said they would be unable to help me for nearly an hour because the large party had just ordered. How unprofessional. 

Second experience: Went in to order takeout, placed order for $30 worth of food to meet their $10 card minimum. Cashier refused to accept my Groupon for takeout order even though it doesn't state dine in only anywhere in the fine print. She walked away as I was talking to her- I assumed she went to get a manager, but when she returned she simply ignored me until I asked to speak to management. Then she twirled around in a circle and facetiously chirped at me, HI, I'M MANAGER, HOW CAN I HELP YOU?

She then straight up told me to call Groupon for a refund because she wasn't going to accept it and walked away again, turning away my business. Thoroughly unprofessional.

EDIT: They now have another location, a block up the same street. Service is much better there."
"Divey yet smoke-free sports bar with good food?! Found it all here!
Granted, the food is from the Badger Café next door (separate review), but it's handy how they've partnered up for business and seems to benefit both.

Bartenders were friendly and female, plenty of TVs tuned to both MLB and NBA games- counted 10 screens, and that's just from the front area where I stayed. In addition to bar seating, there are long family-style tables, also pointed at various screens. Didn't notice any built-in gaming consoles, but that's not my style anyway.

Come for the game, stay for the food. Friendly patrons as well! Cannot stress how pleased I am to find this atmosphere in a SMOKE FREE environment."
"I've only been here for breakfast- it's the BF's favorite local breakfast buffet, mostly because it's walking distance from our house, but he's also a big breakfast fan in general.

Me? Not so much. This place is clean and the service is good, selection isn't huge but there's enough even for me to enjoy- fruit, made-to-order omelet station (heads up, they go super-heavy on the cheese), and a Mexican food station with nachos, breakfast burritos, menudo, and a great chorizo-and-potato hash. 

Most breakfast staples are here (biscuits, ham, sausage, oatmeal, chicken fried steak, etc) and the price is low ($6-ish with players card, $8-ish without), and I like that it's never very crowded."
"The pizza itself isn't bad but good luck getting your order correct. Came in for their $5 2-slice combo advertised on street-facing signage. Somehow ended up with the $5 medium takeout special advertised on the window. Guess it's not a bad trade off but I don't really understand where the confusion came from and I purposely ordered slices to avoid overeating. And the crust wasn't cut all the way through so the pizza had to be torn apart. Not a fan. 

Location says they're open 24/7. Employees hang out in parking lot or at entrance, slice warmer on counter is filled with old papers, and a single dine-in table. There's also a TV blaring above the register that makes it difficult to hear the other employee trying to make friendly conversation- but when his questions are how long have you lived here, do you have a job, and do you live alone, it kind of explains why all their business is delivery or takeout. 

TLDR: Cheap eats 24/7, don't expect much more."
"Glad to have another crawfish boil spot in town! Location is in an awkward corner of a plaza, but interior is nicely decorated with a seaside theme- I like their entryway, and their lobster-claw-catch game. Plus they have beer and sake, as well as a few TVs to watch a game while you're there.

We had a pound each of shrimp and crawfish, with potatoes, sausage, and corn, in their Smokin' Sauce (a combination of all of their seasonings), at medium heat. Their heat scale is a bit more relaxed than other places, but the flavors were good. Crawfish and shrimp were nicely sized, but I really liked their fried softshell crab basket the most- perfectly cooked, nicely crisp and seasoned crab, over a generous bed of Cajun fries, for $12. Huge dinner for two, total with tax under $50.

TIP: they offer 10% off during their grand opening with Yelp check in- but only Mon-Wed, between noon and 4PM, so pop in for a weekday lunch if you want to save a few bucks, but their pricing is fair compared to other spots in town."
"""This is a poor man's Carson Kitchen,"" my boyfriend groused, as he paid our $40 bill for four great-sounding apps that failed to wow us. I expedited my visit here based on a friend's recent rave review (Chris V), and ordered several similar dishes, only to find most options underseasoned with a better version merely on the other side of the block.

FRENCH GREEN BEANS: Tempura beans with spicy mayo and toasted almonds. I like the cooking method and these were solid, and admirably light on grease. But the nearby CK has a larger portion with a great dipping sauce that this version can't hold a candle to.
TODAY'S SASHIMI/TARTARE (TUNA POKE): This was just okay. Poke was oddly seasoned with large chunks of onion and a lot of spice, rather than the citrus-garlic-ponzu punch I'd been anticipating. It was really fresh though.
LAMB TACOS: The dish I was most anticipating, with a clever concept of crafting a taco shell from fried eggplant. I really enjoyed the sweet pepper chutney, which was reminiscent of a ratatouille. But the lamb itself lacked the familiar, meaty flavor. Seemed to lack any sort of seasoning whatsoever.
CRISPY DEVILED EGGS: A fried egg white with nicely fried crispy texture, topped with a bland but creamy egg yolk filling, and entirely too much paprika. I had anticipated a version similar to a Thai hard-boiled egg, yielding a barely-cooked yolk. This just didn't work for me. Other that the paprika, there wasn't much going on... and for $8/4 pieces, CK's version with caviar is the better option.

I was dying to try their sticky toffee pudding, but my BF refused to order anything else and experience additional frustration. Around this time, our server disappeared for a solid 20 minutes and eventually the super-sweet food runner settled our bill for us. This spot has great decor and the menu all sounds like food I'd love, but the execution and/or consistency are just not there at this time- perhaps Chris and I had different chefs working on our visits? I'm too hopeful not to give them another try sooner or later, but right now I'm underwhelmed."
"I've been by a couple of times and have mixed feelings about NCT. The pizza is definitely their forte, but what brought me in to this location specifically was their specialty dinner menu. This menu was difficult to find, for starters, as their social media only vaguely allude to the ""seafood"" content but no menu or pricing is available on their website. I invited a large group of friends for a dinner, hopeful that our experience would live up to the hype.

Started with two specialty fry options: poutine and the aptly-named suicide fries. The former had virtually no salt or wow factor, with even the cheese coming in fairly flavorless. This would be my last spot to suggest for this dish. The suicide fries lived up to the name with a tangy habanero sauce that left a long burn, plus jalapenos and pepperoncini. 

Sampled the ""Enchantment Under the Sea"" specialty menu with Short Rib Stroganoff and Lobster Pot Pie. These were great quality and cool takes on classic dishes, but also suffered from a lack of seasoning. The egg noodles in the stroganoff seemed overcooked but at least the sauce wasn't heavy-handed with truffle. The short rib wasn't really the star of this dish though. The lobster pot pie fared better, with a richly flavored filling and a crisp topping of puff pastry. Can't say I'd get this again though. Later on, we ended our meal with the Strawberry Shortcake, which was fairly hard for ""angel food cake"" but light on the sweetness like I prefer my desserts.

But like I said, their pizza is the best bet. I came in before and had pizza logs while watching a game, and the ample cheese, layers of pepperoni, and crispy egg roll exterior were awesome. I've had the Guinea Pie at other locations and this one was comparable. Opted this visit for slices of the Naked City Pie (sans olives) and liked it better than I thought I would, but felt the corner slices had a low sauce-to-crust ratio, with toppings heavily applied only to the middle of the pie. Maybe that's just their style though, with the thick sheet-style crusts. I'm a fan of thick crusts and this one was good, I also found their red sauce to be particularly flavorful.

The main issue with my most recent visit was the service. For a Friday night, even without our group, I can't figure out why they'd only staff with 1.5 servers. The lady who most helped us was rarely around and frequently forgot items (silverware, water refills, share plates), while another lady tended mostly to a poker group in the back room. Our server seemed overwhelmed and not particularly attuned to the basic needs of diners. Might return for the next season's specialty menu, but my future pizza orders might be at the bar where service was on point."
"Got the Chirashi bowl for lunch when I was working on this side of town over the summer. The bowl I received was beautifully presented with fresh fish and a good-sized portion of it. I liked most of what I had but don't personally care for their Cajun tuna at all, the seasoning is overwhelming and the texture was hard as if it was recently defrosted. 

Other reviews complain about the service, but I sat at the sushi bar and the chef was polite. When it came time to get my bill, the server was nowhere to be found, but I was one of only two customers. Their menu of rolls is considerable, but I'd probably stick to the same order if I returned."
"New management has totally upgraded this little local bakery! Two sisters run this shop, with one in the front of house and one in the kitchen. The partnership works excellently, with tasty food served with attentive and genuinely caring service. The dining room itself is clean, bright, and nicely decorated, with art on display and available for sale. I've been in twice and am already on a first-name basis with Kristin!

The bakery case is always full of beautiful desserts, but I tend to come here for lunch. The ham and cheese croissant is a good classic, and you can add an egg to make it even more indulgent. Their Korean fusion dishes with bulgogi come especially recommended and the burger I ordered had so much flavor! Their coffee drinks are super strong and well balanced, made with Lavazza. It's hard not to pop in every time I go grocery shopping in this plaza."
"Damn, after finding this park, I may need to rethink my aversion to living in Anthem- does every neighborhood have such beautiful and well-maintained parks?! This is a gorgeous space to have in your backyard if you're lucky enough to live nearby.

Parking is ample, and this area is very child-friendly: there are soccer practices here on weekdays along with a play ground area, basketball and tennis courts, and CLEAN bathrooms. My favorite part is the trail, which stretches from the main parking area, through various subdivisions, and tunnels under other roads. It's a pretty decent workout to jog one end to the other, and there's a bit of elevation gain.

Note that there are adult exercise groups that meet here various weekday mornings, and the park gets very crowded with kids after school, so plan ahead if you're expecting a tranquil experience."
"After months driving past their ""opening soon"" signage, today the OPEN light was on! Went in to a clean and modern space, friendly staff, and boba drinks. Food menu will be available soon with Japanese snacks and desserts.

First visit I tried the chrysanthemum milk tea with boba- the boba was just right but the tea was fairly light in flavor. BF really enjoyed it though, and I appreciated that it wasn't super-sweet as a lot of milk tea boba drinks can be.

Space is a little bare with nothing on the walls- would love to see them add games and a bit more personality to the décor. Will be back to try the spam musubi and creative-sounding desserts like marshmallow tiramisu!

EDIT 3/14: They've added paint and a bunch of flat-screens for the menu, looks better. Finally tried the spam musubi and chocolate plantation tea, rice was unseasoned and tea tasted watered-down, boba was mushy. Girl taking orders is too quiet to be heard over the college kids playing hackey sack and shouting about videogames through the door to the neighboring business. Glad they're capitalizing on the college crowd, but the lack of quality and service are a deterrent for the post-college clientele."
"I'll be the first to give credit where credit is due: Olive Garden's recent rebranding efforts, with the new logo and font, and some more modern menu options, are welcome and give a nice facelift to the company.

However, it may be too much change or not very well executed: menu now boasts a selection of ""italian tapas"" which are basically an extension of their appetizer menu, most of which are $5 or $6 and discounted to $4 during a happy hour special of sorts, offered Mon-Fri 3-6PM.
Tried the polenta and shrimp dish- four shrimp atop a bed of polenta with a tomato and olive sauce, good value with four shrimp, but sauce was overly salty and unbalanced with many olives. Server apologetically revealed that the dish isn't going over well.

Though they're most known for their pasta dishes (and, okay, breadsticks), I usually just come here for their unlimited soup and salad lunch special: $7 for as much of either as I like, along with breadsticks. Good value, and good flavors- I usually stick with the zuppa toscana, but the chicken and gnocchi is good for something different. 

In addition to the tapas portion, OG now has a small menu of featured dishes that are ""healthy preparation""/lower-calorie than their typical pasta dishes. A few steps in the right direction, guys- now to work on the execution.

Additional note: never get a cappuccino here. It's not worth the $4. Drive through a Starbucks afterward if you must. You'll thank me later."
"A public library with free wifi, a bookstore, an art gallery, tons of local events, AND the latest best sellers available right inside the front door? So neat to have in Vegas, and so close by to my home and work.

I haven't explored too much, but the main lobby has the library to one side, meeting space available by reservation, the gallery, and the bookstore all clearly marked on signage- with a giant board announcing upcoming events (meditation, yoga, ancestry research, and more).

The newly released books section is just past the help desk on the right- and there are so many books there that they dragged over an additional cart to set them on. Books you just saw written up in you favorite magazine are here to take home today! Unheard of at other locations in Vegas, and in most libraries in general.

As a bonus, the staff are extra-great: if you forgot your library card or drove your BF's car without your keytag handy, they'll look up your card code so you can still check out."
"Underwhelmed by the carne asada burrito- the limpest, saddest, messiest burrito I've had in a while. Menu description includes ""meat, cheese, beans, and sour cream""- I only detected meat and an insane portion of beans. If your pinto beans are mostly liquid, they have no business being the main component of a burrito.
Asada was either flavorless or simply overpowered by the beans- I will say that it had good texture though. Burrito overall was a disappointment. May return for some basic tacos but overall I was just really underwhelmed. Orange salsa is legit though."
"This place has me wishing for a dog. Unfortunately, I'm on Team Cat for now, and I'm thrilled to see that this place has products for the felines! So many pet places focus exclusively on dogs and it was nice to finally get to pick out fancy treats for my guys.

Though they do have kitty snacks and supplies, the store is mostly geared toward dogs. They stock everything from food and treats to bows and clothes, and everything in between. I even saw some really nice purse-styled dog carriers. They bake many of their treats in-house and even have a grooming department in the back of the store. 

What really made this place stand out for me though was the service. I was greeted upon entry, offered help, and the cashier made chit-chat with me while I checked out, and gave me some cat food samples for my furry friends. You can tell the people working here truly love what they do, and the cute appearance of the store and treats are just a bonus."
"I had a short half-hour for lunch before an appointment nearby, so I popped in for a chirashi bowl. Portion was huge, cuts were thick, and fish was pretty fresh. They only use the more common fish (salmon, tuna, yellowtail, etc), no eel, scallop, octopus, etc. but I liked how the ikura was served in an avocado bowl. Price is comparable to others, but did not include soup. Staff were polite and prompt. 

TIPS: You can place online orders with the Yelp app, extensive AYCE menu more popular than a la carte here. Location is affiliated with Sushi Cruise (east side)."
"ShowStoppers is a show using show tunes. ALL show tunes. I somehow didn't realize this before coming, and looked at the program in confusion as I was only able to identify a couple of songs.

But the show was unexpectedly great. The musicians and dancers (~30 of each!) are extremely talented, and I really liked the variety offered- despite my lack of familiarity with show tunes. My favorite acts were toward the middle (Anything You Can Do I Can Do Better, Wilkommen, Big Spender, NYNY), but others really highlighted the talented singers (Nobody Does It Like Me) and great set (Cell Block Tango)!

I can't say this is a show I'd necessarily see again, but it definitely was better than some of the reviews led me to expect. Note that the song listing changes regularly, so you may get a different mix of performances."
"I'm not a huge fan of Tivoli Village but the Yelp app suggested it when I searched for coffee in the area. Heads up, this place is in a corner space across from Cantina Laredo- not sure how I missed it, but on the Tivoli Village map it is listed as space 165 and so is the Interior Vision store.

Busy cafe, right near where you come up from the parking garage escalator.
Not thrilled with how their menu is divided between hot and cold beverages- it's hot outside but I want coffee, and the majority of their cold options are frappes. Coffee =/= dessert, IMO.

The Monte Carlo blended is tasty and has more of a hazelnut taste than a sugar rush, but the iced chai is more like what I'm looking for.

Service is friendly, location is busy but clean, pastries and lunch sandwiches/wraps available for the hungry."
"Very pleasantly surprised! This place is great, with a variety of acai and pitaya bowls to choose from for a healthier healthy snack option vaguely similar to a froyo place. Even the regular-sized bowls are a generous portion and can easily serve as a lunch.

Interior décor is modern rustic, and the employees are genuine and friendly. The bowl-building beauties behind the counter are happy to walk you through the menu or make a suggestion based on what you like. My pick is the original acai bowl, which is topped with bananas, strawberries, and honey. Delicious!

Only suggestion is to implement a loyalty card deal- pricing is pretty fair for the value, but I can see myself coming back pretty regularly and would love to be able to earn a discount of some sort.

EDIT: They now have a punch card! Five bowls gets you a freebie. Cards are at the register, you have to ask for them to sign. Now if they can just upgrade to the sturdier cardboard containers and clear bubble lids (like at a froyo joint), so that you don't have to cram your fruit toppings to take the order to go!

EDIT #2: They now offer poke bowls exclusively at this location. I was really disappointed with mine. For the price, it was less than half of what I receive elsewhere and lacked flavor. Between that and the declining service, I'm dropping a star. I still come here regularly but am actively looking for other options."
"First things first: if you haven't gone yet, purchase the Yelp deal. $20 for $40 is half price, and even if you take it to go, you WILL eat it. Once you've made your purchase, get in your car and get your butt there.

From the outside, this place doesn't really look like much. It's clean, and newish, but that's about all I could tell. Inside it's clean too, with tables as well as some couches and comfy chairs to pick for seating. It's a walk-up-and-order type of place, too, so step back to read the menu and make your selection so you don't hold up the line. There was a good group there when I went, but not enough to call it crowded- there's a large screen where some folks were watching the Spain/Italy soccer match, which seems to change based on what is playing at the time. If you're not the sports type, they also have free wifi- ask the cashier for the password. 

The menu is pretty diverse, with kabobs (hence the name) taking the majority, but some wrap sandwiches and other grilled meats, too. I love Persian and Mediterranean cuisine, and this place had a good mix of offerings from lamb, chicken, and tenderloin kabobs to chicken schwarma wrap and sides such as hummus and dolmas. 
I had the chicken schwarma wrap, BF had the lamb kabobs, and we got extra bread and hummus for the table. Other dining partners ordered slightly different variations of the same, but beef dishes. Everyone dug in and loved the food- it was hot, fresh, and flavorful, and in ample portions. The plates each had sides of a small salad or dolmas, and rice or hummus- these are probably interchangeable, but i have to say that the rice was surprisingly good! Very moist and flavorful, it perfectly complemented the lamb dishes.

I can definitely see us coming back here- and probably frequently, too. They have a menu board up front offering specials, including pistachio ice cream, that we plan on trying next visit."
"Decent spot to get your annual smog check and registration done. The map on the app is correct, this is NOT the Jiffy Lube on the other side of the intersection. This is a tiny kiosk in the Italian American Social Club parking lot, by Sonic.

Staff I worked with was efficient but not particularly chatty. Bring your registration post card and they'll take care of everything for you: $20 smog check, $10 registration processing fee, and whatever your registration charge is. You'll get a paper print out and be on your way, stickers come in the mail a week or so later.

Note that there are multiple signs up saying that tips are not required but they are appreciated, and can be placed on your credit card if you mention before they run it. It's a little aggressive, and if tips are wanted that badly, maybe being more friendly (greeting customers, opening the door, etc) would help more than passive-aggressive signage."
"With a vague name like Magura, it's hard to tell what cuisine is offered. Reviews emphasize the pizza but they have one of those menus with a little bit of everything from burgers to salads to wings and sandwiches, and even pastas.

Ordered takeout a couple times: first order of a salad and grilled cheese was dismal, with large, rough-cut veggies in the salad and unmelted cheese on the sandwich. But there was tons of chicken on the salad and their prices are reasonable.

Returned for the pizza, specifying half Spinach and Feta and half Philly Steak. Happily, they were able to accommodate this though they later told me they typically don't do half styles. The pie was loaded up with toppings and both sides were tasty enough to make it difficult to pick a favorite. However, the crust was somewhat soggy in the middle, which I didn't care for.

Staff have been friendly and the location is clean. I'll likely be ordering again (specifically the eggplant parm sandwich!) because they're quick, cheap, and convenient.

PRO TIP: Discounted lunch specials 11AM-3PM, 14"" pickup special for $7."
"Fabulous place to stop for kitchen gadgets that are both functional and visually appealing- most products are cute and serve an important kitchen role, though arguably the majority of goods here aren't ""needed"" in your kitchen. They're fun though, and who doesn't like making cooking fun?!

Kitchenova is a great place for gifts, whether you need to attend a housewarming or just want to buy yourself something that will be fun to use in your culinary adventures. You'll find several options for popsicle makers, tons of wine accessories, and a lot of entertainment pieces. 

Favorite items here include the various novelty ice cube molds, gourmet tea selection and loose-leaf holders, and of course the BlendTec blenders- anyone got a spare iPone handy?!

Bonus points for being able to order in items from various companies. Kitchenova staff are friendly, helpful, and passionate about kitchenware. Grand Opening had several product demos, and space is clean, modern, and welcoming. I only wish I had more kitchen cabinets for all of the non-essential but awesome tools and toys that caught my eye here."
"Great food, beautiful setting, impeccable service. The entrance doesn't look like much, but the lakeside patio seating makes you feel like you've left Las Vegas completely. Came by for a lunch during restaurant week and brought my guy for dinner.  

The goat cheese Napoleon is one of the best appetizers I've ever had, a crazy-great balance of sweet and savory coming from the honey and pistachio harmonizing with the cheese and phyllo dough. The chicken and forbidden rice dish was well-executed, particularly the black rice. Dessert was a beautiful creme brulee I was too full to finish. Server Scott was attentive, genuine, and professional throughout.

The menu had something for everyone,  and the lakeview patio is a big draw for date night.  Looking forward to coming back and browsing their wine shop!"
"Recently moved to LV in a car. Managed to find some good furniture deals, but many were not able to deliver- so Yelp advised us to try UHaul. Called around 12:45 and reserved a 10' truck for 1:30, quoted $20/day with a .69-cent per mile local rate. Gave card over phone to reserve and it was ready when we went in.

Borrowed for a total of about 3 hours, did about 25 miles of damage picking up furniture at two places in Henderson then dropping off at our home. Added fuel prior to returning and they weren't too strict about it- received with 7/8ths tank, refilled to between 6/8 and 7/8ths and the guy originally brought it up and said there'd be a charge but backed off and said he'd take care of it when I whipped out a receipt.

Turning in the vehicle was just as easy as renting it. Total came to $52 and change, not bad for what we did. I'd rather find a friend with a pick up truck next time- driving the truck was easier than expected but stressful. Don't know how people drive them at a snail's pace across the country."
"I came in with a discount through a text promo- I highly recommend signing up online, as you get a free race for your birthday as well as various discounts throughout the year. It's a fun experience for something different, but I wouldn't pay full price. We were in and out in under half an hour from start to finish, for $10/pp. The same experience, at full price, ~$30/pp.

You'll fill out a waiver, watch a short safety video, then get in your cart and get going. The race is 12 laps, as completed by the fastest person. I'd suggest coordinating your own group for the best experience. They do have a few arcade games to play if there is a wait."
"I have constantly heard Bouchon recommended for brunch but never experienced it myself- my initial thought that they are better for dinner has now been confirmed. Brunch is tasty here, but not their best meal.

BEIGNETS DU JOUR: Our pick was the raspberry jam-filled version, which was tasty but served cold, which we found odd. Feel they would have been even better warm.
ROASTED CAULIFLOWER SOUP: Beautifully smooth texture, subtle and delicate, topped with toasted walnuts for extra texture and flavor.
CORNED BEEF AND SPINACH BENEDICT (SPECIAL): Very tasty, the beef was tender and flavorful and balanced out well with the spinach. Hollandaise was rich, portion was generous, eggs cooked perfectly. 
MERGUEZ SAUSAGE HASH: Delightfully spicy hash topped with over-medium eggs and served with toast. Homey but well-executed, almost overlooked this dish on the menu.
POULET ET DES GAUFRES: Roasted chicken and bacon-chive waffles. The roasted chicken is excellent but combined with the incredible gravy, it is elevated to decadent! Waffles were just okay, liked that they had a bit of a savory element to them but felt the chive flavors were under pronounced. That gravy though is crave-worthy!
BRIOCHE DOREE(?): Bread pudding made with French toast, topped with caramelized pineapples and served in marshmallow. Tasty but not my thing, the bread pudding itself was cooked perfectly but neither the pineapple nor the marshmallow flavors really worked for my palate. 

Service was understandably more casual for brunch than dinner. Patio seating is available when weather is appropriate, and the setting and view are gorgeous. The quality here was very good for most items, but I would only get the roast chicken dish again- highly recommend that! Still highly prefer dinner service here, but for those who love breakfast foods this isn't a bad place to get them."
"Came for the mocha-coconut frappe, per Angela's review. The girl who helped me seemed to be new and had to ask the older lady working how to do everything. 

 In addition to being entirely too icy, my drink was served with the skinniest straw I've ever seen- combine those two characteristics and I couldn't really drink it. Taste reminded me of hazelnuts and was very light. Not sure whether flavor was diluted due to ice content or if it may have been made incorrectly. 

The other, more knowledgeable employee left before my order came out and I wonder if that made a difference in the product I received. Letting it melt in my refrigerator so I can actually drink it for more than a sip at a time."
"This is a little gem of a Vietnamese place! The interior is decorated to resemble an outdoor courtyard, with plant accents. In addition to pho and the usual Vietnamese staples, there is also a section of street foods like the stuffed buns. Affordable pricing.

FRESH SPRING ROLLS, order of two with shrimp is $4 and they are stuffed with noodles, shrimp, and herbs, peanut sauce on the side.
STUFFED BUN with egg and pork is surprisingly tasty, and also low-priced at $2 for a filling snack or appetizer.
VERMICELLI BOWL WITH GRILLED PORK AND SPRING ROLL: Huge portion, enough noodles for two meals for $8.50! Pork had good char and flavor, spring roll was nicely crispy. Large cup of fish sauce, small container of chili for additional seasoning.

I will be back for dine-in or takeout. They do have a street wok section of the menu that is currently unavailable, but they have plenty of options for a large group to be satisfied. Very friendly and attentive service throughout my visit."
"More participants and bigger selection than most other farmers markets in the city:  there were more visitors and participants at this particular market than at the Downtown 3rd and the Wednesday Westside park market combined.

A few food trucks were present, along with live music for entertainment and an art station set up for the kiddos at the playground area. There are two streets of booths set up, with everything from jerky and ready-made Mediterranean to the usual handful of fresh produce farms with their seasonal and organic goodies on display. A few artisans were present, as well as two different booths with fresh fruit smoothies and juices.

In addition to the street space, there's also a storefront reserved for a few businesses to set up indoors for the FM- smaller gourmet goodies like spice blends and honey, info booths on going vegan and the benefits of organic, etc. Don't forget to stop in that area. Not sure if spaces are assigned or on a first-come-first-serve basis.

Location is good with plenty of parking and lots of space for booths. Hours are extended from what is listed on the Yelp listing, they're here til 2PM instead of one. Visit their website for current hours, location, and cancellation listings."
"Solid rec center, mostly just go for the tennis courts- they're spacious, have plenty of nearby seating, have a shaded bench between courts,  plenty of picnic tables surrounding, lights for evening games, and there are several of them.

Parking has never been an issue, and I appreciat that despite the nearby pool and schools there aren't a ton of kids running around. Everything is also very well maintained, which is noteworthy."
"Let me preface this review by saying that this business wasn't my intended destination. CES crowds took over most of the restaurants in this plaza and my options were limited after being turned away at two other places. 

Menu is exclusively on iPad, and the pictures are helpful. Translated dish names aren't always accurate though. Menu is a bit limited, specialties appear to be their short rib and lamb shank, which look awesome but take 25-35 minutes to prepare, according to my server. I didn't have that kind of time, I was getting hangry.

BEEF TONGUE APPETIZER: This is a cold tongue app, which isn't entirely clear when ordering. Sliced and served carpaccio style with a fiery sauce and chopped peppers and onions. Once my tastebuds got over the initial shock of the cold and the spice, they decided this was decent.
SHORT RIB NOODLE MISO SOUP: Unclear whether this is intended to be ramen. Other reviews call it ramen, and it has broth-noodles-meat like ramen, and you can add on corn, seaweed, and egg like ramen. But the broth was very light and flat, lacked the richness (for better or worse) that I typically associate with ramen. Noodles were okay, nothing special. Short rib was good, fair portion.
""SALTED DUCK CABBAGE"": I misunderstood this dish. Photo shows a heap of cabbage, I assumed from the name that the duck was under it. This is just a vegetable dish, and the sauce is made of duck egg yolks. It was fairly tasty, but once I knew what it was made of and how rich it must be, I tried to limit my consumption. 

Execution needs work, all dishes seemed to need a bit of refinement. Space is clean but devoid of decor. Service is a little helpful with the ordering process but not particularly attentive. Hot tea was oddly served in tall drinking glasses and never refilled. Owner cashed us out and was enthusiastic and informative, wish he had been present for our whole visit."
"Cutest little sweets shop! Love the décor, particularly the drink station with simple syrup, vanilla and hazelnut add-ins, and old-school sugar cubes. Staff was polite as well, Christmas tree decked out in baking-motif ornaments was a nice seasonal touch.

Came in for coffee and macarons, and the cherry-chocolate and cherry-nutella were both amazing! Unfortunately, the other flavors were quite dry and crumbled apart- perhaps I came too late in the day?
Coffees were made fresh but unfortunately had a burned taste to them that I disliked, BF inhaled his but only ever drinks it straight black, so maybe it's just a preference."
"Met here for the latest Yelp book club meeting, at Lisa H's suggestion. I've been by before to grab a bread for a friend, but this location is out of the way for me so I haven't been back since. I really like how visitors are welcomed with samples upon entry, with a choice of about eight different daily breads and sweets such as lemon bars! Great touch.

I tried the Turkey Pesto sando but switched out sourdough for garlic-cheddar, which is incredible! The sandwich held up despite the pesto and balsamic sauces, and was super thick for the $8 price tag. It was filling even without adding on a side, though Lisa and her hubs praised the soup they tried. Their sandwich menu is limited but well thought out, and I will have difficulty deciding between the Beef Chimmichurri or the Vegas Vegan next time I get out this way."
"It's a decent-enough place to see a performance: saw Barry Manilow here recently, and the acoustics were surprisingly good considering this place looks like it's more for sports rather than musical acts.

Like any arena or theater, the seats are small and close together. What I disliked about the seating was that the flooring was aluminum like sports bleachers, and did not feel particularly sturdy as you were inching down the aisle to get to your seat. Also note the lack of support poles/beams to use as handrails. I'm surprised I didn't see more of the old people in the crowd stumbling or falling.

There was plenty of helpful staff to find seats and direct you to bathrooms and such. Assuming you can see the floorplan before you purchase tickets, I'd hesitate before saying ""there isn't a bad seat in the house!"" and say to try to stick to the midway point of the auditorium or closer for the best view.

NOTE: The chairs face the middle of the auditorium and even in my section (less than halfway from the stage), my neck began to hurt halfway through the show from craning my neck. Consider yourself warned."
"Great AYCE deal! Fish is fresh, dishes are fun, service at the bar was attentive. As other reviews state, the AYCE dinner price is $28, which is slightly higher than the local average. However, quality here is among the best AYCE I've had and the majority of lower-priced businesses in town have significantly lower quality to match.

APPETIZERS: This was our favorite section of the menu. The Jalapeno Popper dish that is commonly found around town was nicely presented here and actually had a good kick of spice for once! Salmon poke had a great spicy chili sauce, both were offset by the seaweed salad. We really enjoyed the grilled mackerel and the soft shell crab, but I did not care for the oysters. The real standout was the Rock N Roll appetizer, which is a riceless roll! 
NIGIRI: Nigiri selection was ample, and fish was typically pretty fresh. The super white tuna, scallop, golden eel, and squid were good options, but I felt the salmon and yellowtail weren't that great and lacked flavor. Rice was an average portion, fish was cut on the thin side.
ROLLS: We tried the Twilight roll and the White Dragon roll, both had several sauces and fishes, both were tempura-shrimp based. I generally try to be more adventurous with my roll picks but by this point I was too full to care. Rolls were solid and they had a lot of new specialty options, but I wish they had more riceless options.

The space was another sushi spot before Hanabi took over, but the modern, clean décor and chalkboard specials menu are a bit different. Service at the bar was attentive and we were frequently checked on by both chefs and management, though our empty dishes stacked up- this didn't really bother me, as they were pretty busy.

For those who are outraged by the higher AYCE price here- if $3 is really a deal breaker for you to drop your rating over, you have no business coming here. Stick to the Dollar Menu. The quality of dishes, freshness of fishes, and variety on the menu are more than enough to warrant the difference in cost.

TIP: Follow them on social media for a 50% off coupon for November & December for a la carte orders (good lunch option)."
"Bookmarked this spot ages ago, and finally made it in for a Yelp event. Tried a few apps and drinks, then came back for lunch a few days later. The drinks trend on the light and fruity side, and the foods are fresh with several healthy options available. Good spot for brunch or a girls night out. 

BEEF CARPACCIO ($14): thin sliced raw beef with parm-reg, balsamic glaze, and arugula. The regular portion is fairly large, fitting for the price. Really enjoyed this app.
SPICY SHRIMP PASTA ($16): Shrimp, tomato, arugula, and pasta in a Sriracha cream sauce that wasn't nearly spicy enough, IMO. I rarely eat pasta, but this was a fun mix of lighter ingredients that kept the dish from being too heavy. The sliced grilled bread added some much needed crunch.
CHIMICHURRI CHICKEN SANDWICH ($13): Large portion of thin-pounded chicken cutlets on a soft baguette style roll. Cheese received on sandwich did not appear to be queso fresco as stated on menu, and I didn't taste or see the avocado mousse. Chimichurri sauce was thick and chunky but seemed to be missing something in the flavor. Not sure why there were a ton of red pepper flakes on this.
HAND CUT FRIES ($6): These were soggy and limp mere minutes after ordering, but they were skin-on with sea salt, so they were more flavorful than expected. The garlic aioli was delicious, couldn't stop dipping! Can't imagine how much better these would be if the fries were actually crispy.

I'm not a huge fan of the Container Park, but I really like this restaurant's upstairs location and glass windows, which make it light and airy. The bird motif throughout is a cute decorative touch, and the bright colors and warm staff are welcoming. 

TIP: they have a downstairs gate entrance to get straight inside rather than wandering through the whole CP area! Brunch has bottomless drink options and there's also a weekday HH offered 4-6PM."
"Neat little local bookstore!  Signage at front counter shows they've been voted Best in LV fairly consistently, nearly every year in the 2000s!

Though I didn't find any books I felt compelled to purchase, there was a 25% off hardbacks sale going on, and the distinct sections of the store were clearly labelled and organized. 

Bonus star for having a furnished area in the back available for reservation for club or group meetings or events! Seems like a lot of local organizations meet here or at least have occasional events here. Great community feeling!"
"Found this place through Groupon, stopped by to grab dinner. Had a few customer service issues redeeming my deal, mostly pertaining to the receipt- face value of my deal was for $18, yet I only received credit for $15.36 and somehow owed about $2. Employees were unable or unwilling to explain why the transaction happened this way.

In any case, the food was fairly tasty.
Beef tagine seems to be a frequent special, and it smells amazing. Taste isn't quite as delicious as the smell though, but I did appreciate that the dish was served on a bed of rice and with a drink (though they didn't give me mine). Beef itself is on the dry side, but it's a saucy dish so it did not ruin the meal.
The chicken shwarma salad is decent: moist chicken and fresh veggies, but a bit too much rice for my liking turned it into more of a bowl. Tahini dressing was on the bland side and slightly chalky. They charge 50 cents to add a tablespoon of feta to your dish- and they literally measure out it with a spoon, which is bizarre and stingy to me.

I wouldn't hurry to rush back, largely because of their lack of transparency with billing, but there are so many other places that do Mediterranean in Vegas that I'd rather try another. I can say though, if you are craving beef tagine specifically, this place will probably hit the spot- flavors are correct, but hope it was just an off day for the meat."
"Until this week, I was a Virgin America virgin- I largely prefer Southwest, or Delta when it's pricey. But Virgin came up for a recent trip, with the lowest price from LAS to SFO during the holidays. Lounge area at McCarran was practically empty, staff were friendly, and who doesn't enjoy the safety video at the beginning of your flight?! Props for on time departures and arrivals, absolutely zero stress, and cool neon lighting. Don't forget to pack your headphones for the free in flight videos and music."
"I've always been a mangonada girl, but this spot turned me on to the chamango- featuring fresh mango chunks and a tamarind-candy straw. The fruit is fresh, the portions are large, prices are low, and service is friendly.

They have cases of aguas frescas and ice creams, along with several shake and smoothie options, including fresh strawberries and cream. The ice cream flavors are about evenly split between traditional American flavors (strawberry, pistachio, cookies and cream) and traditional Mexican flavors (pine nut, guanabana, pineapple-coconut).  Texture was a bit softer, closer to a gelato, than usual ice creams, and they seem to melt quickly- will be sticking to the chamangos and mangonadas to get me through the summer heat.

EDIT July 2017: Okay, now I'm addicted to the Chamapina. Jesus, take the wheel!"
"Custom Built Pizza is just what the name implies: a place where you can customize your pizza pies! (Maybe this should be their new tagline, it even rhymes.)

In any case, in addition to creating your own, they do have a few featured specialty pizzas, and on my visit last night, I opted to simply make alterations to their Greek Chicken Sausage pizza- Spicy Diavola, mozzarella and Feta cheese, chicken fennel sausage, sweet onions, roasted garlic, Kalamata olives and rosemary olive oil.
I tried the spicy diavola (SPICY is not an understatement!) and asked to mix it with the crushed tomatoes to tone it down a bit, then switched out the olives for gorgonzola cheese, and added a few pepperoni on top.  I also added on a Caprese salad with fresh mozzarella as a healthy ""side"" though it's an entrée size.

Ladies in store were starting to clean up for the evening, but were friendly and full of smiles when last-minute customers came in, walking us through the process and making suggestions. Pizza was out fast, took it to go, stopped by the condiments section first to add crushed red peppers, parm, and a sprinkle of herbs.

Got home and enjoyed a bit of my pizza and salad for dinner, and finished it up for brunch this morning. The pizza itself was spectacular: the crust wasn't too thin or too thick but still managed to have a good chew, the ingredients were fresh and flavorful- particularly the rosemary olive oil, onions and garlic, and the combination of feta and gorgonzola cheese! All quality here, no skimping!

I've been to other Chipotle-style make-your-own pizza chains, but this is the one I've been most impressed with: the service, the quality ingredients that didn't cut corners, and the portion sizes for the price were all a happy surprise!"
"Somehow this hidden spot has been open six months, serving up a small selection of french-inspired pastries and basic coffees. Menu offers more variety than they had available in the display case during my visit, selection including cream puffs, millefeuille, tiramisu, baklava, and financiers with strawberry shortcake and strawberry cupcakes on display. Price range for baked goods is generally $4-$5/item.

Coffee menu is short and does not seem to be the focus, despite the beverage coming first in the business name. My skinny vanilla latte was super-hot and lightly flavored, no signage or information provided about the bean origin or if alternative milks are available.

Service was personable and professional. Coffee was made to order, pastry was filled fresh rather than grabbed out of the case. Storefront appears small, but dining area is larger than expected and there are a few small tables outside as well."
"I recently moved to the area and needed a few odds and ends- end tables, night stands, decor. Thought this might be a good place to hit up, because who needs to spend much on those items?

Though there are some bargains to be had, this chain's name seems to be a bit of a misnomer- $1200 for a ""half price"" bedroom set seems a bit much. I don't know whose MSRP they're going by.

Found a bed head/footboard marked down to $200, whichever as a good deal, but seemed to be one of the only ones.

I liked that I was not stalked through the store by commission-hungry sales staff, but perhaps of they'd gotten up from their desks at all or ended their personal conversation, I could have found out if they sell end tables or night stands separately or only as part of a room set."
"Bethany E and I came in for breakfast after Ely's Restaurant was featured in a Yelp newsletter as a great brunch spot- I'm over in this area often but had never noticed the place. 

We ordered two meals to share- the chicken enchilada omelet and the fresh fruit crepes. Both arrived to the table looking nice but neither had much flavor. The enchilada sauce was pretty bland but ample sauce, chicken, and cheese were used. The crepes had fresh fruit, but the whipped cream was more like a flavorless foam and the crepe itself was an odd texture. Maybe breakfast isn't their forte.

The service was attentive and friendly throughout and the location is clean with a recently-remodeled feel. They have great low pricing and good portions, and their menu is extensive. I'll keep this spot in mind for a cheap, filling meal, but maybe scale back your expectations for flavor."
"Best all you can eat sushi! Full menu of appetizers and rolls available, as well as your nigiri. 
Definitely try the poke- or have two, as I did. It's that good! 
All of the fish was super fresh and flavorful, and there are some pretty inventive rolls on the menu- admittedly they're a little heavy on the cream cheese and/or avocado, so more Americanized than some people prefer, but it was awesome and affordable and immediately followed by a trip to the gym in an attempt to minimize the damage.
Also wanted to note that the restaurant was packed most of the time we were there, but service was still speedy and very polite and attentive, as well as clean!
Will be back! :)"
"Low prices don't make pizza taste better. $4/2 slice combo is a bargain, but the pizza itself lacks flavor in the cheese, sauce, and crust. I added mushrooms (slimy and canned) and pepperoni and that was all I tasted. Service was friendly but I wouldn't come back for the food."
"Gorgeous park, big walking trail, clean tennis courts. 
Plenty of people walk their dogs here, and there's a smallish playground as well, in addition to a baseball diamond for little league games. 

My BF is a member of a tennis league here and they play games and practices twice a week. The courts are well-lit in the evenings with lights that run for an hour at a time, and there's ample shade around the courts during the day as well as the bench between courts for spectator seating."
"Happily surprised by this Groupon find! Not that Chinatown has many bad spots. Regardless, this is a place I otherwise would not have known about let alone gone to, had it not come up on my favorite green website.

After extensively perusing reviews here and the menu online, I finally went in to order my takeout- wonton ramen soup, spicy crispy eggplant with brown rice, and green tea ice cream with sticky rice.

The spicy crispy eggplant is out of this world. It's amazing, and I'd come back just for this dish- side of brown rice wasn't even necessary. Delicious way to have eggplant, and despite being a sticky and almost sweet sauce it did not feel like a heavy meal. 

The won ton soup was a bit underwhelming. I did appreciate how the noodles were packed separately for my takeout order so as not to fall apart in the broth, and I liked the won tons themselves. But the broth was lacking. I liked the green taste to it, and it oddly reminded me of a green smoothie, except in broth form. As in, you could taste the veggie vibrancy. But it was still somehow flat. Noodles were also much thinner than I prefer, and seemed to simply be thin spaghetti rather than ramen.

The dessert was underwhelming as well. The green tea ice cream melted very quickly and was also lacking in flavor- I've experienced varieties with more of a chalky texture but stronger machta taste, but this version was on the thin side rather than creamy. Also struck me as odd that the sticy rice was orange."
"GREAT GREEK BOWL WITH SHRIMP! Not even kidding, don't come here without getting this- it is delicious. It's a huge bowl of soft, moist rice topped with cucumber salad, tomatoes, lettuce, feta, tzatziki, garbanzo beans, and the perfectly grilled shrimp. It's basically a Greek salad on steroids, with some rice. That shrimp is the bomb dot com, no lie. Grilled and seasoned to herby, lemony perfection. A light but filling meal.

The GREAT GREEK GYRO is also a tasty option- pillowy pita with a good portion of beef-lamb topped with red onion, tomato, feta, and more tzatziki. It's a good gyro, dont get me wrong, but the bowl is a bit more unique.
The AVGOLMONO SOUP is a flavorful lemony broth filled with chicken and rice. The version here is tastier than many other places ice tried it, and as a side, the portion is quite large.

I'm not in Henderson often, but when I am, I'll be keeping this place on my radar."
"Hole in the wall from the outside, fantastic Portuguese food and service that treats you like you're family- Vila Algarve is so much more than I expected! Tucked away in an odd strip mall, the space has a bar and a dining room with a dance floor, live music and dance lessons, and some seriously bomb food.

HOUSE BREAD & SPREAD: Rolls are freshly oven-warmed and crisp, yogurt-eggplant spread is like a light version of babaghanoush, really tasty.
HOUSE MADE CHORIZO: Nicely seasoned with a little bit of spice, you gotta get this for the presentation: served flaming and cut tableside from a pig-shaped plate that is equal parts cute and tasty. Almost didn't get this but glad we did.
GRILLED HALLOUMI: Squeaky cheese with a spicy-zesty dipping sauce. I can't say I'm too familiar with this kind of cheese, and it seems best eaten before it cools too much, but I enjoyed trying this.
SNAILS: Different preparation than usual, served in a cream sauce with cheese and toast, but still quite a tasty way to enjoy these critters. Ask for extra bread, portion is larger than expected and very saucy. I'm a sucker for the more common garlic-wine sauce preparation but was pleased with this version!
GRILLED SARDINES: BF's pick. he loved them, I would have rather opted for the calamari. Served with grilled peppers, onions, and garlic, a quartet of petite grilled fish were served in a sea of olive oil. Add some of the table balsamic to brighten up the flavors a bit.
SEAFOOD PAELLA: Sharable $30 portion with three large shrimp, a few mussels, squid, chorizo, and chicken, with a soft saffron rice with only a slight bit of spice. Great version of a favorite dish, would get again.
CHOCOLATE CAKE: BF insisted on dessert, this cake had a nicely balanced flavor that wasn't too sugary. Unfortunately this seems to be kept refrigerated (and perhaps at too low of a temperature), resulting in an odd dryness throughout. This is served with fresh whipped cream.

Food was delightful, service was incredibly personable- one lovely lady was handling all four dinnertime tables, assisted by two staff. Meal was a leisurely pace, dishes were appropriately coursed, and by the end of our meal we were making notes for our selections for our next visit and hugging the owner as we walked out the door. A neighborhood gem. 

TIP: On Wednesdays and/or Thursdays they have live music and various dance lessons/groups, including salsa and swing."
"This weekend was my first time in Vegas- came with a friend here on business, so his company covered the room. He was working at the conference center, hence the hotel choice. He drove in from LA and was much later than my flight, and the hotel was nice enough to be able to transfer the prepaid room into my name so that I could check in. 

We were on the 24th floor with resort club privileges- not sure what to compare this to, because the room was pretty generic. We got a letter listing our resort level benefits, including lounge access on our floor to have a light breakfast, snacks, and wine/cheese social in the evenings, which was a nice touch. Also included free fitness center access, which I'd researched upon arriving and balked about the $20/day access fee- which is insane considering what is actually available. It's essentially a room of weight machines, some treadmills, and three outdated ellipticals. I was surprised. Used it for what I needed and left, but nothing there was worth even half of that access fee for the weekend, let alone the day. Room came with printer-- but I am still waiting, an hour and a half later, for someone to bring me the cord to actually USE it. Housekeeping says they're still looking for it and to go to the business center instead. Will do, but not thrilled about it. Also, my partner was a little annoyed not to get the slippers/robe listed among our amenities. 

I'm not a casino fan, so I didn't evaluate that, but the giant sports screen at the Superbook was pretty cool. Didn't want to do the buffet, so went to Paradise Cafe instead on my first night alone. Date and I did the sushi bar inside of Bennihana's the following night.  Having access to the monorail was a plus.

All in all, aside from the printer cable situation and fitness center access fees, it was fine. But just fine. Expectations were a little higher."
"You would think it'd be a given that a crappy show on the History channel would still be pretty rough when it hits the stage. You wouldn't be wrong. If you go, definitely be open minded and laid back- even if that requires having a drink first. It's a four o'clock show, so maybe that's pushing it, but it's really campy.

On the bright side, the real Rick Harrison was there when we went last night- not sure if he's there frequently or if we just lucked out, but even he seemed to realize that about half of their jokes were falling flat. Good effort though, and the one guy who plays several roles (you'll know who I'm talking about when you go) is actually pretty talented.

Now, I'm on board for experimental and campy shows. I'm even on board with them using a puppet for the old man (even if it's poorly done and I don't understand it). I'm still with them through random showgirls, home movie flashbacks, fake celebrity appearances, and a few random Chumlee tangents that nearly seem to go off-script.
But this show was almost too campy even for me.

Side note: I think I can count the number of people in the audience who weren't senior citizens on one hand. And the BF and I were among them. 

Bright side: when we were being seated, older Asian usher lady asked if we'd like better seats, and before we could reply she seated us in the fourth row. Very decent considering they were free tickets in the first place. But I honestly would not pay to see this show."
"Dinner here is on par with a religious experience.
If Thomas Keller is a god, then our server, Michael, is one of his disciples- professional, personable, and an absolute pleasure. He has worked here since the day they opened, and gave genuine and honest recommendations for our first visit. 

WHAT YOU MUST GET IS THE MOELLE ROTIE- my introduction to bone marrow, which is now my new absolute favorite thing in the known universe. Words cannot fully capture the flavors but as Michael put it in his recommendation, it's ""stupid good!"", no joke. 

OEUFS MIMOSA-delicious and delicate deviled eggs, damn good with crispy capers and a perfectly creamy texture.
SOUPE a L'OIGNON- true French onion soup, with beef broth and day-long-sautéed onions, topped with two cheeses. It's like drinking a steak, it's so rich.
ESCARGOTS a LA BOURGUIGNONNE- snails in parsley-garlic butter and puff pastry, heavenly and delicate, will be craving these again soon.
STEAK FRITES- upgrade to truffle fries and thank me later, this is the classic french take on steak and potatoes and it is phenomenal.

Pay attention to the specials, as they had a lamb chop that blew our minds with a fabulous ratio of juicy meat and flavorful fat with just a touch of char, served on a  bean and veggie blend that perfectly balanced the richness of the meat.

Also got a dessert special, brownies shaped like wine corks served with coconut ice cream and a chocolate covered cherry and a smear of sauce. Perfect with cappuccinos.

The food and the service both exceeded my expectations in the best of ways. I will be seeking out future events worthy of celebrating with Mr. Keller's creations and crew again soon!"
"Just like every other location: walk in, select your protein and your dish, and watch the crew make it to your specifications. Relatively cheap option in the area for lunch, and can be as healthy or unhealthy as you make it. 

I'm not particularly clear on the difference between the salads and the bowls, given that neither has too much lettuce, but either one is way healthier than their burritos- though to be fair, I've never tried their tacos.

Staff here mostly seems to be college students themselves, as are most of their customers- not a bad thing, just an observation. Bummed that this location doesn't have margaritas the way some others do, but that probably again goes back to their primary customer base being at a college.

Got a salad today for my dinner: brown rice, black beans, chicken and fajita veggies, with pico and corn salsas. Hefty portion for a not-so-hefty price: total was under $7, not bad at all.

Only criticism is that the chicken was on the dry side, though I did show up shortly before closing time on a Sunday, which I reckon is a slow day for this location."
"Just a note that this place appears to be closed- went by with a friend who loved this place, and there was a stack of old newspapers by the door and it was all locked up at lunch and stayed that way our entire trip. :(
Really bummed, since I'd heard great things."
"I don't drink often enough to be a regular at any bar, but Inn Zone feels like it could be that kind of place for me. The staff are friendly without being obtrusive, there are tons of tvs and a couple of pool tables, and lots of space to sit around the bar or away in a corner. The drink specials are decent, the atmosphere is lively during a game, and there's even a restaurant in the corner- which is what first brought me in. They must open the doors to air it out pretty regularly, as it wasn't too smoky. Proximity to work will likely bring me back."
"The Catch-22 of doctor's offices: you want to be seen quickly, but not so quickly that you feel rushed along or have an issue because you weren't listened to properly. Procare balances those concerns well. Visits are usually pretty quick, and it helps that they have an on-site pharmacy to fill your script before you go, so another stop isn't necessary.

As Brandon L's review puts it, this medical center is not the best or the worst, but your treatment will depend on who you work with. My guy and I drive significantly out of my way to come here. Have met with a few different doctors and PAs here, and I prefer to work with Dr. Ida Sorongon when she's available- good bedside manner, efficient and informative."
"We don't have nearly enough soul food or BBQ options in Vegas but if you search hard enough, you can find P-Dubs: it's a food court counter in the Boulevard Mall. Don't let the location fool you, the food is actually pretty good. 

Menu has chicken, ribs, hotlinks, and my personal favorite, smothered pork chops, with a series of sides. For the more adventurous, there's also chitterlings and pigs feet. The two-piece pork chop plate with two sides was about $10 and easily more than I could eat- chops were super tender, that gravy was well developed but a bit saltier than I prefer, sides of mac and greens were just okay. I'd give them another try for the chicken and ribs.

The setup is not my favorite- cafeteria style trays sitting out and exposed,  drying out. My order was plated in a box then thrown in a microwave, also not my favorite. I don't expect a food court to cook meals to order but there are a few changes I'd make. Staff is warm and friendly to regulars, P Dub himself is usually on site."
"A complete waste of time. This is a glorified printer for pictures you already have on your phone or handy internet-compatible device. Props to them for situating themselves on a foot-traffic-friendly section of the Strip, but whoever named the upstairs portion a Polaroid ""Museum"", clearly doesn't know the meaning of the word.

$5 is cheap, but I'd rather buy five gas station hot dogs than pay that for the tiny room I browsed with basic photos and a display of cameras. I'm no professional photographer, but I've been to a Warhol exhibit so the featured prints were nothing special- nor would they be to anyone who has seen a documentary.
As for the cameras on display, I own two off them. 

I find this place to be a waste of time. Unknowledgeable staff hellbent on upselling, and it's basically just a print shop. Not even a quality one at that."
"Channel your inner Katniss here! There's a short instructional video to watch then you are let loose to grab a bow and try your hand at making a bullseye. I had the added benefit of going with a friend who formerly worked as a camp counselor with an archery rotation, and he provided feedback to improve my form and performance. Maybe it was the time we went (holiday evening), but other than the video there was no additional support from staff to improve your skills. Everyone was polite though and it was a fun time. 

Call to make an appointment in advance, try to come during off-peak hours (weekday, daytime) for a less crowded space. This also might help with being able to get in more shooting time, as some participants were slower to go through their arrows. They offer various discounts with Yelp check-in, Groupon, etc. Makes for a fun date."
"The huge nacho platters are what brought me in but the commitment to local and non-GMO produce, sustainably sourced fish, and healthy options will likely keep me coming back. Props for having calorie counts posted for every menu item!

The Nachos and Nachos Grande on the menu are different only in size, with your choice of protein and bean- the regular chicken with black beans was a huge portion more than sufficient for two to share, but I will say that I personally prefer more melty or liquid cheese on my nachos rather than just broiler-melted shredded cheese. That's a personal preference though.
The tacos also have tons of choices: pick your protein, your tortilla, and then what style you'd like with toppings and sauces. The California style grilled shrimp was an excellent choice while the steak was seasoned well but fairly plain when ordered street-style. 
I didn't much care for the Sharkys chicken salad I ordered but will note that even the half-size is pretty good sized with ample protein. 
Menu also has protein combo plates, a couple of pizzas, and entree plates- the stacked chicken enchiladas in particular look tasty. Don't forget to add on a watermelon basil lemonade, which was tasty without being too sweet and similar to an agua fesca. They also offer beer and wine.

Service was attentive and friendly, we were offered drink samples and checked on a couple of times. The outside patio is nicely shaded and there's a bar area inside with a TV. Check out their salsa bar around the back area by the drinks, the spicy orange one is my favorite!"
"The Strip is simultaneously one of the best and worst things about living in Vegas: it's an amazing concentration of great dining, lots of friends and family visit, there are some of the most talented entertainers in the hemisphere here, and a significant portion of the local population makes their living working in the casinos.

But the traffic! The inflated pricing! The traffic! The smoky, run down casinos, tacky ""street performers"",  scammy dudes trying to hand you escort cards, and homeless people everywhere without resources to get real help! And did I mention the traffic? But when I get frustrated with any of these things I just have to spend a minute wondering what Vegas might look like without the glitz, glamor, and tourist monies generated by the Strip.

Love it or hate it, 99% of people never would have come to Vegas without the Strip."
"Bagel sandwiches for breakfast or lunch- the Tijuana Hot has a tiny kick of  spice from the jalapeno schmear. BF was underwhelmed by the Brooklyn  Bomber.  On future visits,  we'd  probably both stick to the Fresh Nova lox sandwich instead. We will keep  trying different types of bagels since they're all  pretty average so far, comparable to store bought.

Props for having salads available for the lunch crowd, and smart location next to Starbucks. I   like that they offer flavored spreads, but they're pretty light on actual flavor. As others have said, the bagels here aren't the best  but they don't have much competition. 

Service is pretty disinterested- No greeting upon entry or exit, came after their lunch rush and was served my dine-in order wrapped for takeout, which seemed like a cue to get lost even though they were still open 2  more hours."
"Come for the furikake chicken, fresh-made poke, and daily specials- and someone call me when the huli huli chicken comes back! This spot is quick and friendly,  but unfortunately I'm not around more because the consistency is lacking.  I also don't care for how they serve everything in styrofoam, which is terrible for the environment. 

I had one amazing order of the furikake chicken, and came back months later to a version that was overly thick with dry meat inside. The poke hasn't steered me wrong but it's not my top choice to get it. The musubi has been disappointing as well, but their mac salad is one of my favorites. Seems to be kind of hit or miss depending on the day. Props for allowing some substitutions!"
"There's a ridiculous number of tea and boba shops in Vegas but Cloud Tea has the major things I look for, now available in the Spring Valley/Paradise area! 

Came in during their grand opening BOGO offer and, unlike other places in town, they maintained their stock AND their calm and cool customer service during the chaos. Tried the black rose tea with boba (good texture!) and honey cap at half-sweet along with my go-to taro smoothie and both drinks were spot-on. I especially liked the honey cap, and I'm not usually one to go crazy for drink add-ons but I'd get this again.

They're happy to remake if needed, per signage and observing the customers around me, which is much appreciated. Free WIFI, loyalty card to acquire discounts/freebies, alternative milks readily available. 

TIP: Find them on social media for discounts and promos. Their original BOGO offer was extended via Yelp check-in offer for first timers."
"Before getting a bike of my own, I asked cyclist friends for recommendations and info and got mixed reviews of this place. It wasn't until staff at another shop recommended I try here for a specific part for my vintage road bike that I came here myself. Thankfully, my experiences have been positive!

Shane has helped me on all of my visits and he's been great- helpful and attentive, offered alternate ideas when they didn't have what I needed, and generally made cycle-nerd chit chat with my guy while I looked at locks, lights, and various accessories. Prices here are fairly reasonable and comparable to what I found online, without having a wait or shipping charge. 

TIP: They do also have a second location on Eastern, can call to check stock there if looking for something specific."
"Health Hut is just what it sounds like: a small locally-owned vitamin shop. Ownership is Asian with religious statues and offerings by the door, and some medicinal herbs available. By and large, this place is reminiscent of nearby J&J Health Foods on Lake Mead. Selection is limited, they offer more niche or specialty vitamins that emphasize purity and come with a larger price tag: saw bottles ranging from $16-30 , which I felt was a bit pricey unless you specifically need a particular vitamin blend or brand for whatever reason. I was sad to see that they have a very limited protein selection, none of which are hemp-based."
"Popped in when the wait at Chile Verde Express was way more than I was willing to wait for a California burrito. Location is small but clean, menu pretty similar to a Robertos but with a few more specials ($3 chicken burrito was on special by the register). Regular prices are on the low side, too.

Got the Vegas Burrito- which is what other spots call a California Burrito, with protein, guac, sour cream, cheese, and French fries. Confusingly, they also have a CA burrito listed, but it's with rice instead of fries, which sounds like a standard burrito to me. Food was fine, good size, asada was a bit chewy but flavorful, wasn't asked my meat preference (lengua).

They have a salsa bar in the back with the pickled veggies and three salsas: the thick red was my favorite, followed by the verde, last being the orange. Food came out quick. 35 cent fee for using credit cards."
"Interesting little boutique with dressy-casual clothes, lots of jewelry and accessories, and even a cute pet chinchilla! Space is open and bright, style features a lot of tunic topics and maxi dresses. I headed right over to the jewelry selection, which was a little pricier than expected. Favorite items were the stone bangles ($45-60). They also carry an interesting line of lotions and cosmetics, but I didn't care for the scents. Staff seemed really helpful about suggesting styles and finding extra sizes for other customers."
"One of the better thrift stores in town- if you're after quality and not quantity. Space is small, and they stock a variety of gently-used seasonal items, kitchenware, furniture, clothing, and random odds-and-ends.

Seasonal stock is nice enough to buy and put out immediately, items are not as worn as other thrift stores. Definitely look through their clothing, I found a few solid items but could not leave without a perfectly-fitted black blazer for the unbeatable price of $1!

Store is clean and well-organized, prices are low: most clothing and dishes are  $1/piece, a nice glass-topped table for $20, and they seem willing to negotiate. Unsure if they accept cards, as I paid cash. Note they are closed Sunday/Monday and close early (6PM). Staff seems to be one lone guy, very personable and helpful."
"By-the-slice pizza places are a dime a dozen on the Strip: they're great for solo travelers and budget-minded folk alike, clocking in anywhere from $6-12/person for a meal and offering plenty of variety. Unfortunately, quality is usually on par with your local mall food court. 

Five50 is different. Not only is it easy to find within the casino (straight through the lobby on the left from the parking garage), but it's priced cheap ($5.50 a slice including specialty styles) but doesn't taste like it. On any given day, there are four featured pies available by the slice: the Gotham (meat heavy), Forager (cheese and mushrooms), a cheese-only version, and a featured daily special. 

if by the slice isn't for you, they also offer an extended menu of whole pies, along with salads, sandwiches, shakes, and small plates. But their pizza is obviously the highlight."
"A year later, this spot deserves an update- and an upgrade!
I'm not a fan of the Tivoli Village area but proximity to work makes it a good spot for lunch now that I've discovered (and thoroughly explored!)  their salads! The Champagne Chicken Berries is my favorite, but the Apple Chicken is a close second. Both are ~$11 and served in a small boat. No joke, these salads are massive, enough for a hearty lunch AND leftovers. And while they may not be the healthiest, you can request the dressing on the side and ask the to go light on the bleu cheese (or sub feta). But what's the fun in that?! Dine-in service is attentive, helpful, and happy to bring you anything you need. Can't believe I underestimated this place! Or used so many exclamation points!"
"Chef Brian Howard has a hit on his hands with S+W! Nestled into Chinatown with a tight menu of raw and wood-fired shareables, the dark space is cozy, modern, and classic all at once. I'm more about the flavors and service when dining out, but I really enjoyed the decor and ambiance found here. The menu was such that our group ordered nearly everything available, and there wasn't a single dish that didn't find a fan.

The dish I will never be able to not get is the Butcher Wings with burnt tomato and nudja, sold by the whole piece. They are huge, juicy, and full of flavor. The Argentinian Red Shrimp is another delicious dish, and the Sweetbreads were a surprise hit at the table too, accented with smoked bacon and peas. The delicate Beef Cheek & Bone Marrow Dumplings are beautiful and surprisingly light despite the rich filling, but those with texture issues may be turned off by the green onion emulsion. The beef skewer entree is a great choice that highlights the use of the wood-burning oven, and the chickpea relish really makes it pop. The Campfire Duck was the favorite dish most of the other diners preferred, but the portion only really allows for a shared taste at the table. Like Phil T says in his review, I'd appreciate the option of a larger portion to really enjoy. The pork shoulder and halibut are also solid choices for those preferring those proteins, the former benefitting from the texture of black garlic and peanuts while the latter was simply and perfectly cooked with a nice citrus confit to complement.

Whether or not you try the house bread and butter is a personal preference- while it's tasty, I'd rather splurge on other items. The artichoke dish was a bit of a disappointment to me, presentation reminiscent of a terrarium but not much in the way of actual artichoke. The udon with lamb (and added farm egg, per our server) was just okay and went unfinished at our table; perhaps it is better without the addition, which made it a very wet dish.

The desserts were okay; neither the Calamansi Tart nor the take on Tres Leches quite hit the right spot but both were beautiful and unique options. Looking forward to returning for their late-night burger specials and some more seafood, like the Chinatown Clams Casino. 

Service throughout our visit was attentive, and we were able to take a tour of the kitchen and speak with the chef himself about his sourcing and inspirations, which is always a treat. The staff really seem to push the Bento Box option, which includes some exceptionally fresh oysters and house-made terrines- good option if you're looking to impress. 


TIP: Make a reservation if rolling in as a group so you can snag the large table in the front dining area with the best lighting."
"I love sushi, so when I had some free time in this neighborhood, I popped in. Love the interior, it's so intense it's almost on par with a theme restaurant, in a good way. The service was also really good, everyone was friendly and enthusiastic.

The food was kind of hit or miss though. Got a few orders of nigiri and loved the cut: long, thick, generous slices and a great rice ratio. But the texture and flavor seemed to indicate that the fish was recently defrosted. 

The rolls are the way to go here, and the popular Washington roll is awesome. I like that they have a variety of riceless rolls, but the Cherry Blossom just tasted off- maybe the oil was old, but the soft shell crab did not taste fresh and something in the roll was extremely peppery and offputting. Would give them another try, since they seem to usually be pretty great, but the actual food did not live up to expectations on my visit."
"Efficient. Stopped in when a light on my dash came on, and they were able to identify and resolve my tire issue in just a few minutes. Staff I worked with were nice and invited me to come back if the light returned, but was initially turned off when no one approached me as I pulled up and parked.

EDIT: Dropping two stars. Car got damaged in flooding and we took it here. Worked directly with the manager and had $1200 worth of work done. Received car back filthy (no complimentary cleaning even though they're literally next door to a car wash?), paid for two new tires and they didn't even wipe down the rims, and my fluids weren't even topped off. To top it off, the next week I started having brake issues. They're literally called JUST BRAKES and they didn't even CHECK the brakes. Took it somewhere else and got superior service."
"I've been invited to Modo a few times but it's pretty far from home for me. Finally popped by for a free Flow class on Labor Day. They have some great introductory rates (first month $40!) if the location is convenient for you.

The studio is very clean and nicely decorated. Mat sprays and small toiletries are provided, locker room also has showers. The lobby has a boutique area with various workout gear available for purchase, but the hot yoga studio is where you spend most of your time here and it's very clean and most importantly, doesn't smell! 

Flow class was well-paced but very intense. I can't remember the instructor's name but I liked how she moved around the room helping with positioning. She was also good about projecting her voice, which combined with not using background music as in other studios, actually allowed me (I'm hearing impaired) to hear all of the guidance for once!  While the location isn't convenient for me to go regularly, I'll probably pop in every so often for a drop-in class."
"I don't go out for Korean very often, but when I do, I go for bibimbap and the crispy rice in a sizzling stone pot, or swath of simple, flavorful grilled meats and tiny dishes of ban chan. Lucky for me, Jun has all of this and more- sashimi bowls in the summer, tofu soup for winter, and mandu for everyone!

Jun's is tucked away in a corner of a plaza but well worth seeking out for homestyle Korean- comforting, well made, full of flavor, great for sharing.  Service during a recent weekday lunch with Bethany E was efficient, allowed me and a friend the privacy to catch up that way wanted but still got constant drink refills. Their galbi is especially great, and I really liked their pancake, but I always fall back on the bibimbap."
"Yet another AYCE sushi spot opening in Vegas. They do attempt to stand out, with some offerings more successful than others. Not counting service against them too much, as it was an opening when staff are in training. For nearby residents, it'll likely be much appreciated given the limited competition but it doesn't stand out enough to warrant making a trip across town.

PROS: 
-Garlic tuna nigiri was one of the favorites of the night, with most orders being well cut and properly portioned with rice. The eel and super white tuna also fared well. (I know all about escolar, don't @ me.)
- They have a dedicated section of hand rolls and riceless rolls, including a ""tower"" presentation which is always nice to see (more info below).
- In addition to a fairly typical AYCE menu, they also offer oysters and an ""Asian Buffet"" of appetizers (did not partake).
- Unlimited dessert orders (but just ice cream and mochi).

CONS:
- Parking in this plaza was a nightmare even before this business opened. Consider parking in the Good Will lot and walking over.
- Service was prompt and we were kept informed of delays, but several orders were not received or forgotten, despite server followup. Unclear whether this was due to amount of business or a tech issue.
- Promo pushed the oysters but they looked less than fresh. The free dozen our table was supposed to receive was also short a few, without explanation.
- Lack of consistency. Even just going by photos, there is a range of different appearances, ingredients, and proportions in dishes, the Sea Salt Tower in particular, which looks like two distinctly different dishes one day and the next. Two orders of grilled enoki mushrooms, delivered at the same time, were completely differently seasoned.
- Miscellaneous: Fried heads not offered with amaebi orders, uni subpar quality even for AYCE, ramen noodles not fully cooked, limited dessert options, etc.

I'm a fan of their sister business, Poke Poku, and like that their fish is reasonably fresh and properly thawed to preserve texture and make a nigiri-heavy meal both a reasonably-priced and tasty meal here, but they have plenty of kinks to work out. As Chris V put it, come here for something different rather than something better."
"Decent buffet- it's not on the Strip, so don't expect five star quality, but it's a decent option for a large selection that isn't packed with mediocre dishes of low quality.

Sushi selection is large- about 8 different rolls with at least one vegetarian and one fried option, but most are variations of Philadelphia and California rolls. Primary fish used are crab and spicy tuna, lots of avocado in use here but in one roll it had more of a guacamole flavor to it. Not the best quality fish, but large selection for a price under what you'd usually spend on a single roll at an actual sushi restaurant.

Soups are fresh, won ton was good but broth was a bit too oily for my liking. Fish used in cooked dishes (baked salmon, grilled seabass, seafood delight) was underseasoned and over cooked.

Other items were decent: salad bar and dessert area had the usual choices, plus an octopus salad that had way too much jalapeno for my liking. Chicken wings were fried but tasted fresh. Chinese options weren't overly Americanized or greasy: beef and broccoli, a sad-looking lo mein, several tofu options.

Service was fine, food was fairly fresh and staff were all over the place wiping spills and clearing tables. Was surprised to go here solo and get seated at a booth.
Lunch price is $8.96 including tax, tipped cash."
"Not the most pleasant place to be- no one ends up here in a happy state except for those marriage certificate folk. Here's what you need to know: parking nearby in the garage across the street is easiest but bring cash, and be prepared to go through security as if you're at the airport. This includes shoe removal.

There are a million signs directing you to the right place, and staff are mostly helpful but will get irritated if you ask idiot questions. There are a million elevators but the line backs up- jump in with a stranger, they're not going to bite you.

Great views from the upper floors, there's a café downstairs, and food trucks gather nearby around lunch time. Come prepared so you can be in and out as quickly and painlessly as possible."
"Cute bear-themed diner with friendly staff and a massive menu spanning all meals- before I'd come in, I thought they had just breakfast and lunch and closed around 3 or 4. Turns out, they're currently promoting a new line of burgers. Didn't try them this time but I'll at least keep that in mind.

From the breakfast menu, I've tried their waffle plate and their biscuits and gravy- the former was better than the latter. Waffle was thick and not too sweet, portioned well with protein and eggs. The biscuits, unfortunately, were a fail- very thick but more dry than fluffy, gravy needed more sausage and to be thinned out a bit. Maybe it's just my preferences, but being from the south, this dish needs work to shine."
"PROS:
+ So much fresh bread, several varieties as well as seasonal specials. I really like the harvest grain and rye. Pumpkin bread is $1 off in September.
+ Service was really friendly and polite, checked on me several times.
+ Cute retail area to browse while you wait, customizable gift baskets available.
+ Sandwiches and salads are very fresh, available in whole and half sizes.
+ Baked goods and desserts are really the highlight, especially the tarts and petite cakes!
+ They have a drive-thru for those in a hurry (haven't used it yet though).


CONS:
- Posted menu doesn't provide detail for ingredients in their salads, you have to browse the hand held menu, of which they didn't have extras. I can see the line getting backed up easily.
- Pastry case doesn't have prices, so your total may be a surprise. Some of the desserts are under $3 while others are $4+, I'm not sure why this isn't on the label. 
- I really don't care for their poppy seed salad dressing. I wish they'd ask for a dressing preference (like how they ask for a bread choice)  as it was unclear what other options are available (again, posted menu can only fit so much info).
- No GF options available. I realize this is a bakery, but it's pretty common to have some GF accommodation these days."
"Gorgeous club. Came here to watch a friend play tennis and was a little blown away by that whole area. Very well maintained, and the competition was organized. Seating available for watching games, and plenty of room for everyone's bags and gear.
Security was pretty tight, which is standard here from what I hear, but even keeping that in mind and comparing to other comparable-quality clubs, this place is great! 
Staff helpful and friendly and more importantly, PRESENT! Can't believe how easy it was to find someone when I needed to, which isn't so easy at other places. Also, the bathrooms were surprisingly clean considering the crowd that was there- must have been frequently checked and cleaned. Great!"
"At $7/car, this is a cheap escape away from the glitz and consumerism of the city. Perfect for a bit of nature even if your visiting family didn't pack hiking clothes, you can do this drive and get out of the car every so often to take some photos and enjoy the weather- provided you aren't there in summer!

The route is also available to run, walk, hike, or bike, and there are several spots to get out and do smaller hikes at various trailheads. Visitor's center closes at 4:30, but park hours change seasonally- April 1 through about August, they are open until 8PM."
"I have had mediocre service at the other Best Buy locations in town. This one, however, took the cake. I called before arriving, to pick up a popular TV-on-DVD series, and was told they had several in stock of both regular DVD and Blu-ray.

When I arrive, there is limited signage and organization to this location. I finally locate the right department, and there are only Blu-ray copies of this DVD available. It takes several minutes to locate an employee.

Employee A comes over, hears my dilemma, and stares at the shelf. I have to prompt him to look up whether other copies are available and if perhaps there is another display featuring this series. He seems high as a kite and does not seem to understand the problem. After waiting several minutes, Employee B finishes nearby with another customer, hears the synopsis of my situation, and locates the DVD in question in under two minutes with a smile on his face. Employee A never reappears.

I'm generally not one to review chain stores very often, or to judge employees based on their handling of one customer, but you either need to be more discerning with your hiring practices or amp up your training procedures if someone can be this thoroughly inept while on the clock at your business."
"My BF was a huge fan of this place back in the day- it's secluded, it's quiet, it's dark, and they have great pizza and an old-school sports book that does the handwritten thing. The typical casino smoke stench is here, so you'll smell this place on your clothing after you leave. It's got it's own kind of charm.

Or it used to. From the outside, it's kind of an eyesore. The inside is clean, but that's about all it has going for it. Frankly, I'm not sure how they make a profit other than slots- the pizza place no longer sells by the slice, and most people I know don't come here with a group to eat a whole pie. It's the kind of place you wallow by yourself or hide from the law. For another note on the book, the TVs are old tube style screens, and also small. You can watch a game here, but frankly most non-casino bars are a better bet... Ha, a pun.

Service is... interesting. No one approached me in the two hours I spent here. I mean, other than the one guy at the book that wandered around using profanity while talked to another patron, complaining about a former employee."
"Recently open in the former Fish Delish space, Aria is a new spot in the 'hood offering Mediterranean. Menu is currently limited to various kabob plates with rice, and a few traditional stews, and they don't currently offer lunch specials- which I think would be a good idea to implement. 

Tried the plate with beef and chicken kabobs, subbed a house salad for the rice without an extra charge. Most plates are about $10, but some go up to about $18 based on quality of meat used.  
,
Service was polite and interior has undergone a complete remodel, and looks great. Hoping they add lunch specials and get some advertising going- they're already in a spot that is hard to find if you don't know about it. Far left corner in the Food 4 Less plaza, if you need help finding it."
"Full disclosure: I don't have celiac disease and I don't keep a GF diet. That said, I have friends and coworkers who do, and I have checked out a lot of GF bakeries and products when buying them gifts or bringing treats to the office. GlutenZero is not my first choice.

I expect higher prices for GF goods versus regular bakeries, but these prices are pretty steep and I have yet to be impressed by anything I've tried. My boss graciously accepted one of their bread loaves, but as she brought her sandwiches to work all week, they fell apart. The bread just doesn't hold up. I've grabbed some muffins and cupcakes and haven't really cared for them.

The location is good and gets a lot of traffic, and they clearly have an in-demand product, and their staff is friendly and helpful when I go in... but the location is bare with minimal decor, more like a wholesale shop than a specialty bakery, and the goods just aren't that good."
"I have only had egg tarts a couple of times but they're definitely a treat. Heard about this spot opening up at the outlets and popped by with friends. The lady running the booth was offering samples, which was a nice touch. These are priced at 5/$10, but with a couple of us ordering boxes we actually got 6 instead of 5 which was nice.

The tarts are a touch larger than I expected, and the lightly browned ones are the best ones in terms of looks and flavor. The shells are flaky and buttery, the custard filling is ample and not too sweet. I ate mine on site but friends recommend a quick trip to the oven to warm them before eating at home. 

TIP: It's closer to the smaller parking garage, across from the Coach store. They also sell these same tarts at one of the other boba tea stands at this mall."
"This spot was better than expected- and I mean that in the most positive way possible! I am not a fan of Bobby Flay and was underwhelmed by his burger spot. I went in with my guy and we had a great experience, even sitting at the bar for our meal. Sidenote: those bartenders are on point constantly squeezing fresh limes and shakin' up martinis.

PRICKLY PEAR CACTUS MARGARITA: It's bright pink. That was my reminder that this is the same marg they have on the menu at Bobby's Burger Palace. It's fresher here, and my BF really enjoyed it, but I would have picked the white peach version instead.
LOBSTER TACOS: $20 for a trio of mini tacos, super fresh and flavorful. The blue corn tortillas are a nice touch, and there was a good amount of acidity. Wish there were more seafood options on the menu.
CORNMEAL CRUSTED CHILE RELLENO: My main complaint about usual chile rellenos is that they are overbreaded. Using cornmeal negates this issue! The chile is large and packed full of manchego cheese and roasted eggplant, served in a roasted red pepper sauce with balsamic vinegar. I really enjoyed this and would get it again! 
CHARRED POBLANO SWEET PEA RISOTTO: DUHLUSHUS. I didn't pick this and didn't expect it to be very good. I inhaled it. Subtle flavors, great texture, creamy and comforting. 
PISTACHIO BROWN BUTTER CAKE: The cake initially seemed dry, but upon combining the ingredients of the dish, this seemed to be a strategic decision. Bites that combined the ginger caramel, white peach ice cream, and/or fresh fruit were artfully balanced.

If you are considering this spot to dinner, I highly recommend reservations: I popped by on a whim on a Wednesday evening at 6PM and they were full until 9PM. I lucked out and sat on the couches to order a drink and two spots opened up at the bar right away."
"Smoky as heck, as everyone has said. The sports book has seen better days, and is so outdated as to seem vintage. The folks who frequent this spot are not the sort you want to meet in a dark alley after they lose. 

The poker ""room"" is another story- it's exactly one table, and it's probably marginally famous for being the last poker room where smoking IS still allowed. The buffet here has awful reviews but really isn't that bad- typical diner fare on par with a cafeteria.

I would not stay here, but I'll come by with the BF to place a bet- the crowd of dedicated locals is kind of ragtag, but they're really into their games and alternate between cheering happily and screaming in agony- and I find that incredibly entertaining."
"Visited this location on a recent day in BC, after visiting the Charleston location a few times- this one is bigger, with wider selection and friendlier staff. Variety of candles, soaps, and trinkets for gifting, along with the Annie Sloan chalkboard paint and instructional classes available on site.

What I really loved about this location was the staff: lady I worked with was super friendly, and gave me a heads up about new location opening up in Henderson next week! I find their products pricey, and I don't personally use chalkboard paint, so I only really use this store for gifting purposes."
"I don't know how this location stays open- I live two blocks away and had no idea it was here since it's in the very back of an otherwise-deserted plaza. I thought it was closed until I accidentally ordered from them online.

Why go to Pizza Hut when there are so many awesome local pizzerias? Good question. The answer is portion control. Those little personal pan pizzas are $4 and one of the only ways to get my pepperoni pizza fix without eating enough pizza for a small family and hating myself later.

But the quality is lacking. Picked up my pizza right as it came out of the oven and it seemed undercooked. Wing prices are good (8 bone in for under $5) but sauces are lackluster and meat to bone ratio is low."
"Sometimes you get an undeniable craving for a lengua burrito. If you don't mind your walk-in order taking ten minutes without a line, this might be the place for you!

If you really like lengua with cilantro and onions, you're set. Because that's what this burrito is: an arm-sized burrito stuffed with nothing but lengua, cilantro, and onions. But if you want a burrito, maybe look elsewhere- not sure why there weren't any vegetables, beans, rice, cheese, guac, etc on my burrito at all and the menu doesn't really say anything to explain it. On the bright side, I didn't have to worry about filler bites with just rice and lettuce or anything, but this wasn't what I was expecting when I ordered a burrito.

The salsa bar up front is stocked with radishes, onions, jalapenos, and various salsas- the green and red were both better than I expected, and I preferred the red. Wish I'd gotten more."
"Cute little French breakfast and lunch place: quiche, sandwiches, salads, pastries, and coffee. At current time, their pastry selection looks a bit limited but the few items I did try were well-executed, the almond-paste-filled one: though it only had a scant amount inside.

Sandwiches are on fresh French bread, and gigantic, which justifies their $9 price tag. Staff recommends the Italian as their favorite.  They also have a lunch special featuring a soup of the day and fresh French bread. 

I was a little disappointed in the nonfat café latte I ordered: I'm used to French coffee being a bit stronger and bolder than what I was served here, which was a bit overly milky and didn't seem to be strong. Perhaps the beverages aren't their highlight.

Service was warm and genuine, and happy to suggest menu items to try. Location interior is homey and clean, without being shabby. Not sure this was the best area to open a bakery given the close proximity to German Bakery and the Kosher place across the intersection, but if they emphasize their French offerings, they should do well."
"Pizzas, salads, and meatballs, oh my! Get picky about which pizza you order, as that's what you came here to fill up on. But don't bypass the brews or apps, as they're solid too. The meatballs in particular receive a thumbs up from me, but you can't go wrong with the burrata salad or the proscuitto and melon.

The Bianca (fontina, pancetta, broccolini, artichoke) is my favorite pick, the Big Apple (standard pepperoni option) is a safe choice for those with kids or picky eaters- someday I'll try the Mushroom (truffle cheese, roasted mushroom, roasted tomato, arugula and truffle oil), which sounds like perfection. The crust is thin, soft, and a touch too floury for my liking- that might be a conscious nod to the name, though.

Service is friendly, space is large, their patio is a good seating option if the weather is nice. The Linq can get pretty crazy, and I've had some disappointing dining visits nearby, but F&B is consistent if you want pizza on the Strip. 

NOTE: the have a full bar (with specialty cocktails and housemade cellos) inside, as well as a by-the-slice window, if you're short on time or flying solo."
"Asian fusion and pho? In old town Henderson?! *record skip* PhoKing Phonomenal is in one of the least likely locations, but their fusion flavors are a welcome addition to the land of subpar chains and American-diner spots.

Came with a fellow Yelper (Chris V!) and ordered literally half the menu. Service was friendly and the chef/owner (Gary?) came out and spoke with us extensively about his background, dishes, and plans to contribute to the Vegas food scene. His friendliness and passion are why this review is rounded up! Well, that and the punny names of the restaurant and dishes.

BANG BANG SLIDERS: What I'd been looking forward to most, and probably my favorite. 3 small sliders pack a hefty portion of braised pulled pork with a slightly sweet sauce. Really enjoyed these and snagged the extra in our order for myself.
PHO KING PHO BO: Unfortunately I didn't find this phenomenal. It's a Thai take on a Vietnamese soup, but the broth lacked the body I was looking for and the noodles were on the clumpy side. Huge portion though, and lots of fresh onion, basil, and jalapeno to jazz it up.
THE BIG WANG: It's huge alright, we barely ate half of this take on a bahn mi. Great crusty bread, packed with meat, brightened by fresh acidic Siam style slaw, good lunch pick. The chef brought us a cup of sauce for dipping, and that made this even better. 
DRUNK AF NOODLES: Again, huge portion. You get your money's worth here. The kitchen even added an egg on top, which elevated the dish. But the noodles themselves were again clumpy and there was too little sauce for the portion, which came across as somewhat dry. The flavors seemed pretty solid, though.
ROTI ICE CREAM: Sent out by the staff, the ice creams are made in house. We opted for the cereal milk flavor, which was awesomely reminiscent of childhood. The chewy flatbread-roti accent was good, but chocolate filler was unnecessary with the other sweet components. Will be trying their ube version next time to see how it compares.

I haven't yet been back because it's pretty far, but I definitely recommend checking it out to try something new. I'm looking forward to seeing how the menu changes and expands; hopefully they'll keep the Bangkok Burritos until I make it by again."
"A four-star average with nearly 4K reviews brought me to Gangnam- you can't deny, that's impressive. The massive menu has preset meals and a la carte options to get your meat on, along with various apps and sides.  

We shared the Las Vegas package for two (wonton, edamame, salad, soup, and bibimbap with Korean chicken, spicy chicken, beef toro, shrimp garlic, and broccoli cheese fondue, $45), and added on the flat iron garlic- meal came with the usual banchan and was more than enough for two of us. I didn't have room for dessert and took an entire meal worth of food home. Favorites were the toro, shrimp, and filet, but the bulgogi bibimbap was really great too. Their sides are surprisingly well done, this is not a spot that focuses on the meats and forgets the rest. 

Staff were attentive and frequently checked on us. Location looks tiny from the outside but inside was spacious and tables are huge. I appreciate that they changed out our grill without needing to ask. Good spot for group meals!

TIP: check in on Yelp for a free macaron ice cream cookie sandwich for dessert!"
"It's a post office, super dated interior and only one employee working.
Luckily, at 3PM on a weekday, there was only a short line. Employee was quick and efficient with zero personality, seemed like her patience had been worn thin by a ranting customer.

Passport services only offered 9AM-3PM.
Cards only process as debit."
"I hate people who write multiple reviews for the same restaurant, just to give the same ratings and restate what they posted in the original review- but my visits  were drastically different experiences. 

Food was underwhelming- had the Palm Beach roast beef and cheddar sandwich while BF opted for the pastrami. Portion of meat was large but the meat itself lacked flavor, and sandwiches were dry without any condiments.  

Would have asked for mustard, but service is incredibly lacking. There were maybe four employees running around but  customers are waiting for checks, condiments, and silverware longer than they're eating. Disorganized and impersonal, lack of consistency in both service and food quality."
"After having this place bookmarked for months, I finally made it by on a Sunday afternoon- perfect to find free street parking and walk on in, avoiding the hassle of a paid lot and validation and such (see Roger's tip for that info).

Maybe it's because I waited so long, maybe quality has gone down, I have no idea. All I know is that tons of my Yelp friends raved about this place and slapped down five stars and I was a bit underwhelmed. 

Opted for the Newport (ricotta, artichoke, peppers, eggplant, spinach and mushrooms topped with a garlic infused olive oil) and the Soho (Vegan mozzarella, spinach, mushrooms, artichoke, and roasted bell peppers)-- both were heated to order, boxed up to go, and helpfully accompanied by packets of peppers and cheese.

I found the Newport to only have a single dollop of ricotta, but liked the roasted veggies. Did not taste any garlic infused olive oil though, and I love garlic. The Soho simply taught me that I do not like vegan cheese- still appreciated the veggies though. BF's take on the slices were that he loved the crispy crust but felt the sauce was too acidic. For both of us, the flavors just didn't quite come together.

Side note; current pricing for two-slice combo is $8.99, up from what is posted in the tips section on the app."
"The more I come here, the more I like it. New management and staff took over in mid-January: wish they'd changed the restaurant name so reviews for previous ownership would be separate. However, keeping the name did allow them to inherit the constant flow of phone orders and takeout from regulars.

POK TAK: Seafood lemongrass soup with shrimp, mussel, squid, catfish, red onion, basil and mushroom infused with lemongrass, lime leaves, and galangal.  Shared a hotpot among four diners, everyone enjoyed this. 
YEN TA FO NOODLE SOUP: Noodles with fish ball, white mushroom shrimp, squid, fried tofu, spinach with Thai triple delight soup topped with fried wontons and cilantro. BF really liked this, the light citrusy broth was reminiscent of an Asian take on gazpacho.
CRAB FRIED RICE memorable, ample amounts of crab, huge portion. BBQ pork version is not nearly as good. Either can be made Thai-style, adding extra veggies and chili sauce. 
PANANG CURRY and GREEN CURRY were both solid, appreciate that they offer brown rice instead of white without an upcharge. 
DRUNKEN NOODLES: SO tasty! Generous portion of veggies, less noodles than other versions but palpable freshness. I inhaled this!
PORK & VEGGIE EGG FOO YUNG: Kind of an Americanized version, in that it's a gigantic portion and the egg is actually really crispy. Very vegetable-heavy (in a good way!), would get the seafood version to try next time.

Service continues to improve along with the kitchen execution. Lot is small so you may have to park and walk over from the Sam's lot."
"Mediocre selection, seems to be exclusively male merchandise, nonexistent service.
More of a men's boutique than anything else. Maybe guys aren't put off by getting the silent treatment and a stare-down, but I don't dig it.

Went in looking for bright kicks for my own midnight runs, but was totally ignored by the long-haired stoner-looking cashier. Browsed on my own and found a limited shoe display with mostly Nike, Adidas, and Puma represented- three monochromatic Air Jordans were available too."
"Formerly a Custom Built Pizza, this location has been completely remodeled and transformed into a nice Indian restaurant with lunch buffet ($11) and a la carte dinner. Appears to be family owned and operated, service is polite and prompt.

Upon entry and seating, you are immediately asked for your naan preference (plain vs garlic, go for the garlic!) and released to the buffet- incredible samosas, two types of rice, 5 vegetarian dishes, 5 meat dishes,  soup, and a simple fruit/salad/condiment bar. Standouts for me were the garlic naan, the incredible samosas, and a robust but not spicy goat curry. I found the tandoori chicken a bit try, the available soup too peppery, and was disappointed not to find saag paneer. Even so, I'd keep this spot in mind if I'm on this side of town and in need of a carb load... or just more incredible samosas!"
"Brought our car here after another garage handled flood damage but left several issues with the brakes. A friend worked on them for us but had difficulty, and the guys at Charleston were great about bleeding the system, correcting the friend's repair, and replacing our additional brake pads. Service was friendly, pricing was an extremely reasonable $100 without any annoying upsale nonsense, AND super fast- they completed all work within my lunch hour! Will definitely be back."
"I've had lots of vegan and vegetarian food- some is amazing, and some is underwhelming. But here, they're good at mixing unlikely flavor combinations and textures for filling yet still meatless meals. There are some carnivore-friendly options available, too.

The Good Earth is a phenomenal sandwich of roasted veggies on a pita, topped with the lemon-rubbed kale, a hummus sauce, and something made with sunflower seeds. After ""roasted veggies"" I pretty much tuned everything out and handed over my credit card. It was delicious.

Combine a great first meal with attentive and personable service and a cozy, library-like setting with comfortable tables and chairs, and I will happily try a new sandwich  every time I'm on this side of town."
"Recently visited Al's for a staff holiday party and it went off surprisingly well. We had last year's celebration here when it was a previous business and this year favorably compares: we had a dedicated section of the dining room and apps were ample. 

It's a sports bar, so food spanned the sliders, wings, and nachos spectrum. They also offered a DIY salad bar for those eating healthier, which was a nice touch and included toppings like feta cheese and chopped nuts, and a large selection of dressings. Their queso here is pretty good, but chips were a bit brittle for dipping. 

Staff were fairly attentive and came by frequently to take orders. I don't drink, but my water was refilled upon request and colleagues were quickly serviced with refills and check requests. Location has several (5?) huge screens that were playing R&B music videos during our visit (odd choice?), seems like this would be a good spot to watch a game. Open 24/7, gaming available, did not see any signage about HH."
"PROS:
+ I love that they offer authentic dishes like the eggplant badjeman and mantu meat dumplings, which may arguably be their best offerings.
+ They use Halal meats and don't freeze or microwave, which is awesome. Most dishes are distinctly fresh.
+ Speaking of fresh, load up on their freshly made Persian taftoon bread. I can't get enough.
+ Portion sizes are generous, pricing is fair, and I like that I can order online through the Yelp app for fast and easy pickup.

CONS:
- Kabobs have been hit or miss, upgrade to the tenderloin style unless you prefer the ground meat kabobs which have been on the dry side.
- Dips also seem hit or miss? The eggplant baba ghanouj has been great but the hummus is lacking, on the bland side. 
- It's a minor issue but the cafeteria style warming trays behind the counter are overfilled with takeout boxes, straws, drink lids, etc and is messy and unappealing."
"Tasty fried chicken. And gizzards. And fries. And waffles. 
Everything we've had here was tasty, and cheap too, which is always nice!

Gizzards come a ton to an order, for under $4. BF's a fan, and with the buffalo sauce from the chicken and waffles dish, they're solid: crispy, and served hot.
Chicken and waffles are a dish I've never quite understood, but the sweetness of the thick, fluffy waffle plus the syrup contrasted nicely with the hot chicken and buffalo sauce. Would get this again, and it's a steal at $3.
Two-piece ""snack"" comes with some deliciously-seasoned fries and a roll. This is a meal even for my unrestrained appetite, not a ""snack"".

All in all, this is a solid place for fried chicken. Service is friendly. Location isn't in the best area and the interior isn't impressive, but the flavors sure are. Wish it wasn't so far of a drive for me."
"The recent fall temperature drop made me crave Hainanese chicken in a way I couldn't resist, so I scuttled on down Durango for my fix. Nuro is in a large, modern space with a huge dog mural and a menu of traditional and specialty dishes from the aforementioned poached chicken dish to various featured soups and desserts.

For my maiden voyage, I stuck to the Hainanese chicken- served on a metal cafeteria-style tray with three cups of dipping sauce, house pickles, and a huge bowl of glutinous chicken fat rice. Chicken is available in white (breast) or dark (thigh) meat, with bones or without, served with the skin. Chicken portion was a little smaller than anticipated but very fresh and moist. I preferred the scallion-ginger dipping sauce of the three, so much so that I completely cleaned out the little dish. The rice was spot-on in texture and so full of simple flavor.  Happy to have another spot in town to get my fix for this favorite dish.  

Service throughout my visit was friendly and attentive, checking on me a few times and making conversation. I'll be back for the wings and wonton soup when I'm back on this side of town!"
"Found this spot through this Yelp app- I was redirected here when the Chieti coffee café (Sahara and Jones) closed, a green band across the old business page alerted me to their ""new location."" Note that this is their coffee factory where you can purchase bulk and wholesale beans, NOT a café where you can grab a beverage. 

They have enough space to offer coffee, and though it's in an odd industrial area, they are just off of Valley View and could theoretically establish a clientele as a café- there's certainly nothing else in the area to compete. Though they have a fairly good roast, I am disappointed that they are no longer an actual café and can't honestly see myself coming here more than a couple of times just to get the beans. 

Heads up, when you visit the location door is usually locked. Call their posted number (on the door sign) and they will come out and help you. PLEASE reopen as a café and bring back the food, or get another location."
"As their exterior signage says, 13 beers on draft and good food! Beers come in 14 and 25oz sizes, good pricing. Menu has an eclectic mix of standard bar apps and burgers/sandwiches plus some interesting entrees like chicken pot pie, drunken clams, mac and cheese, and a sizzling sausage platter- which is what I tried.

Sausage platter comes with three different links (brat, chicken, and Italian) sliced and mixed with peppers and onions, served in a skillet like fajitas- it was executed well, and priced at a crazy-low $12. Pair it with a large draft Pacifico and you're golden.

Several TVs for entertainment, friendly service- oh and a shout out to their Friday night karaoke regulars (7-11PM). I'm not a karaoke fan and when I saw the DJ start setting up, I started looking for another nearby bar to relocate to. But the performers are insanely talented, on par with pros. Dinner, drinks, and a show!"
"I thought the new SLS casino marketing themselves as being ""for locals"" wouldn't charge the same insane cocktail prices- I was wrong. On the plus side, though this place is small it is nicely decorated. Despite the open floor plan space, it's surprisingly intimate. The lounge act on Saturday night is a young male on piano who has a great voice, I'd come back to see him."
"Kohl's is a solid department store chain, and they run frequent sales- literally almost any item you pick up is almost guaranteed to be on some sort of discount. This is nice, but it's also irritating in that their original prices are overinflated in the first place so the ""sale"" price is more of a regular price but I digress.

Came to this location this afternoon to browse. Clearance section was an unorganized mess, as were the fitting rooms. I ran into a few different employees but none greeted me, which was a bit odd. Signage now is digital, which saves the employees having to replace sale signage constantly- however, I noticed some was inaccurate or flat-out wrong (see image: sale price for ""V-neck shirts"" with undershirts that aren't V-necks at all). 

Managed to find a few bargains: athletic shorts for $9 and a solid purple modal tee for a more casual work look, $6- both rang up even lower at the register ($6.75 and $5, respectively). Cashier was polite, when we left there was a lady stationed at the door to greet customers as business picked up."
"Advertised as an ""authentic, Japanese-style cafeteria"", I came to Cafe Sanuki's soft opening harboring some apprehension- cafeteria style food in the US doesn't exactly evoke positive opinions of quality eats. But the term seems to be referring exclusively to the fact that food is ordered, made, and received in a tray line. Staff were allegedly sent to Japan to learn the correct cooking techniques and the majority of cooking supplies from eggs to a particular brand of tofu are shipped in for authenticity.

I visited with friends and tried a variety of udon dishes, ""hand rolls"" (called onigiri elsewhere),tempura,  and don buri and the quality was solid. Noodles are long and chewy, with a carefully timed boil and weighed portions. The more traditional udon dishes seemed to fare better than the fusion options like carbonara and tomato-seafood. I am not typically a big fan of udon noodles but I enjoyed the meals I had here- the yaki udon dish in particular was huge and fresh, with a light and flavorful sauce that stuck well to the noodles and kept them from tasting plain. I will eventually have to try the bukkake dish too, for obvious reasons...

The miso-garlic pork belly bowl is a small portion that packs a punch of flavor. Others praised the beef bowl and curry options, but I'll have to go back for those. Their tempura station is cool but perhaps due to their new opening and slow line speeds, some of the received product was cold and/or soggy, so this may be an option better chosen when you can see it being put out hot and fresh. Also of note is their tea station, featuring several exclusive blends and a variety of flavored syrups to customize."
"My educator license was up for renewal, so fingerprints were required. The NV Department of Ed is only affiliated with a handful (5?) of fingerprinting service providers, so I went early and expected a line.

Pleasantly, I was in and out in 15 minutes! Staff are quick and friendly, and the waiting room is decorated for the holidays with photos of the company's volunteer work with local charity organizations. Happy to support a family owned business, see ya'll in three more years!"
"Bandito's gorgeous black-and-red space is located just off the Strip, with a sweet Happy Hour deal from 4:30-6:30 featuring half off apps and $5 margs.  Recently came in with a group to try a bunch of dishes, and I'm looking forward to going back to try a few more. 

The chicken flautas were one of my favorite dishes, with a mild dipping sauce and a flavorful filling. The nachos are served as a giant mountain and worth the upcharge to add protein- the asada was nicely soft but I also liked how juicy the carnitas was without sacrificing crispiness! The quesadillas were also a hit at our table, and the ceviche impressed in that what we initially thought were pieces of giant Peruvian corn were actually scallops. I will do some shady shit for nacho cheese, and I was disappointed to find that the queso fundido was thin and lacked flavor. I'm not much of a drinker but I appreciated that the $5 margs were a full glass rather than the smaller pours I've seen elsewhere. They were out of the octopus when we went, so I'll definitely be returning to give that a shot along with the sope sampler."
"The BLTAE is one of the best breakfast sandwiches in town! It's like your standard BLT fused with avocado toast, plus the pop of pesto and two eggs, served open-faced on thick-cut grilled brioche. It's even more fantastic than it sounds (and looks!), and I'd come back to their inconvenient downtown location with annoying garage parking just to have it again.

My guy raved just as much about the lemon poppy seed pancakes, though I would have appreciated more of the blueberry-ginger compote. I'm not much of a sugar for breakfast person, but we'll be coming back for the carrot and coconut version soon. 

NOTE: Full menu available even at opening, which means you can channel your inner five year old and order mac and cheese for breakfast! Unfortunately, I found the Ritz-cracker crust unnecessarily thick and salty, and the noodles overcooked. It may be best to stick to bfast options after all."
"The rotisserie chicken plate is my jam: juicy chicken with crispy skin, paired with intense garlic toom sauce, served over moist, long-grain rice and sided with a bright vegetable salad, along with pita bread and your choice of hummus or muttabel (eggplant dip). If that doesn't already have you craving your own, I'm impressed. This is my go-to order here, and enough to share for a meal. 

This isn't my usual location but I pop in when I'm in the area. Appreciate that they have been adding items to the menu (like the cheese boregs) but wish they'd focus on tweaking their pita recipe or finding a better source, I prefer a thicker version than what's found here."
"Ordered delivery because the Sharks, Spurs, and Warriors were all playing on the same night and I wasn't about to go to a sports bar and reek of cigarette smoke or miss action while driving. Yelp app made it easy, Googled for an Eat24 discount code to offset the delivery fee. Order was delivered within an hour, food was decent enough that I'm keeping them in mind for a dine-in visit with hopes of rounding review up higher.

DUCK SALAD: Get it, this was our best dish. I'm hoping the dine-in version is a bit larger, but the protein portion was large. I'd dump this over a plate of spinach to make it go a bit further though. Dressing was delicious, a bit on the spicy side but great.
CRAB FRIED RICE: BF's go-to takeout order. This was priced pretty fairly at $13, and there was visible crab but it didn't really have too much of a crab flavor. Portion was slightly smaller than similarly-priced takeout orders from other places.
TOM KHA SOUP: Ordered this with tofu and there was tons, like the whole package. There were also tons of mushrooms. Unfortunately, the broth didn't have a developed flavor. Found tons of lemongrass and ginger in the bottom, so it wasn't for lack of seasoning, but it tasted plain.

Delivery gal was friendly. Order was correct, complete with extra requested hot sauce. They have lunch specials under $10, might have to check those out if I can't resist the duck salad again."
"This small park is primarily for dogs and kids! There's a splash pad for the warmer months and a small playground area, but they're a pretty close to the street so keep an eye on your kiddos. There's one gated area for dogs to be off-leash and isn't divided into small/large dog areas as at larger parks. That said, there's a lot of grassy areas, public bathrooms, and a nice trail that leads to the back subdivision."
"El Pollito Charro doesn't look like much from the outside, but their Mexican grilled chicken meals are cheap and filling. Ordered the 3-piece combo (~$10, w/tax and tip), which came with chips and salsa, tortillas, rice, charro beans, and grilled pepper and onion. It was more than enough food for me, even ravenous after the gym. The chicken pieces could have been meatier and juicier, but it was well-seasoned. The best part of my meal was the charro beans, which were served in a clear, soupy broth rather than the typical ""bean sauce"" I'd expected but was very tasty. I was the only customer on a Sunday afternoon, and staff were polite and attentive. Though the exterior is a little run-down and kind of looks closed when driving by, it's definitely worth a visit."
"BF and I came here after one of his coworkers raved about how great this place is.  Menu is massive, with classic diner specials as well as a huge case of desserts and a random section of Greek dishes. The huevos rancheros was okay, and my guy was thrilled that they had the prime rib dinner special available at 10AM. Miraculously, we resisted the sweets. Portions were large and prices were fairly low, about $30 for both of us, including tip.

Service was okay. Hostess/cashier was slow, server was efficient but brusque. Food was better than expected, but not something I'd come back for. 

Note: This is your only on-site dining option before noon, unless you want popcorn and ice cream from the snack bar."
"I've got four words for you: soft shell crab poboy! Come here and get that, and you'll be a happy camper. Unless you have a shellfish allergy, and you probably shouldn't be here anyway. The crabs are gigantic and the legs make them look like fried spiders. Tasty, crispy, well-seasoned fried spiders. Two huge sandwich halves, with fries and hushpuppies, are well worth the $13 price tag and I'll cross town for this meal again.

But it took me a few visits to find this magical order. Previous takeout orders for fish tacos and a a grilled shrimp salad were average to mediocre, thanks to limited dressings, a deconstructed presentation, soggy tortillas, etc. The seafood soups look good too, but now that I've found success with the poboys, I'll be sticking to that part of the menu!"
"What a great izakaya-style spot! This plaza is rife with great offerings, and I'm glad to see the new dishes offered here: a mix of hot and cold tapas, with some sashimi and yakitori grill items thrown in. Their charcoal grill items are featured, but their fresh fish items are standouts for us!

HOT DISHES
The grilled ika and grilled mackerel are both great! Nice blistering, perfectly cooked, simple and tasty. Daikon, lemon, and spicy mayo are offered alongside, but neither dish really needs it.  The chicken karrage was juicy, but not a standout. Crispy breading seemed uneven. 

COLD DISHES
The sashimi roll is perfection: fresh fish, rice paper, and shiso leaves, with a tasty yuzu sauce. The sashimi carpaccio features garlic oil, herbs, and seasonings- the crispy garlic in particular added great texture and flavor to the fish! What's not to love?! I am hoping they add more raw fish dishes and light rolls to their menu, their fish is very fresh and great quality. Will come back for sashimi. 

GRILL ITEMS
Various meats on sticks. The chicken thigh is tasty, with a nice char to it. They have a house-made chicken sausage that is fairly unique, and available with a poached egg dipping sauce- didn't much care for it. The offer two types of beef tongue, and the lean version we tried lacked the flavor we expected, seeming more like liver? The kurobata sausage and tomato/bacon are staples that are executed well. Grilled mackerel was the best dish in this section of the menu: simply prepared, crispy skin, moist interior, best with just a squeeze of lemon.

DESSERT
Matcha pannacotta is sublime. Cool, creamy green tea custard features a surprise red bean filling, topped with a dollop of fresh whipped cream. I prefer desserts that aren't too sweet, and this perfectly fit the bill. Their honey toast seems to be very popular though, and many groups around us ordered it.

Service sitting at the sushi bar was attentive throughout our visit, with constant drink refills and small talk with the sushi chef. The interior space is modern, with both booths and the bar, and loud EDM/House style music, which was an interesting contrast to the simple, classic food. Looking forward to coming back!"
"Fresh raw fish, Marvin Gaye playing in the background, and fresh flowers on the bar?! Other Mama is part raw bar, part cocktail bar, part hipster hangout, in the best of ways. Friendly and professional staff plus a high-quality menu make Other Mama a success.

Start with the SHRIMP MINT, a mix of shrimp salad and mint wrapped in cucumber and topped with salmon roe. Move on to the not-actually-spicy SPICY TUNA with TOGARASHI WAFFLE FRIES for a fresh-savory combination you can assemble like nachos. Close out the night with the SPICY YUZU WINGS- sweet plus spicy, ask for them extra crispy to avoid the slight sogginess I encountered.

Pricing is on par with the quality served here- the above was just over $40. Cocktails have two pricing tiers, $9 and $16. Plan accordingly. I'll be back for the amberjack and oysters!

EDIT: Came back with the BF for the amberjack, oysters, asparagus tempura (seasonal!) and the shrimp mint dish (again). The amberjack is tasty, oysters have some fun mignonettes, and the shrimp dish is a must-order (obviously). The asparagus was simple but bomb, why don't more places feature it?!"
"Cute little cake shop chain- fell in love with the bundts when I lived in CA. Bigger than cupcakes but smaller than most other bakeries' smallest cakes, they're ideal for a couple celebrating any number of events that still want a cake.

Favorite flavors include the white chocolate raspberry and the seasonal pumpkin spice, but I more often get the red velvet for my guy. All flavors are consistently moist and frosting is thick and sweet without being overkill- and it's applied sparingly so those who want to avoid it easily can do so.

Store décor is cheery and so is the staff- I'd probably get more here if they weren't adjacent to my favorite AYCE sushi place, I'm usually too full to even think about other food when I'm nearby."
"Vegas really appreciates it's blood donors. Though they have been closing donor locations, this one is easy to get to and you are able to schedule your visit in advance online- they also ask that you complete the health questionnaire the day of your visit and bring in your Fast Pass printout. For some this can be inconvenient, but it is also available mobile- unfortunately there are several bugs with doing it that way, but you can do it in person as well, it just takes a bit longer.

Staff are friendly, particularly Joy. Waiting area has magazines, snacks, and TV, as well as free WiFi- they really couldn't make it much more comfortable if they tried. After donating, there is a wide selection of beverages and snacks to fuel up afterward, including fruit juices, cookies, crackers, pretzels, and various nut mixes.

Probably safe to allow an hour to an hour and a half for your basic donation- the actual blood-giving portion is only about 15 minutes but they have limited staff on hand and the aforementioned paperwork/questionnaire can take a while.

Each month, they offer a promotion from a local business or organization offering a discount or freebie coupon with your donation. Annually, Penn and Teller do a ticket giveaway during the holiday season, but other potential gifts include movie tickets, t-shirts, and buy-one-get-one meals."
"First and foremost, do not bother with the 20% off Yelp check in offer. Staff claims they have never seen it, have no idea how to use it, and state that it ""isn't their offer."" I find this unlikely and suspicious given that a corporate account funds this offer and responds to reviews here. Maybe they're just slacking on training, who knows, but it was an unfortunate start to our stay.

Otherwise, the property was clean and the staff were friendly. Amenities include pool/hot tub (open 7am-10pm), basic fitness room (2 treadmills, a bike, and an elliptical), and free hot breakfast from 6-10AM (includes pastries, eggs, waffle station, fruit). 

This wasn't our first choice of hotel, but there must have been some event going on this weekend because several other options were unavailable. $200/night is not a price I would typically expect or find reasonable here. If they'd honored their advertised discount, it would have been more appropriate pricing."
"It's a solid casino theater. Props for being able to enter and exit via the dedicated side entrance and skip the casino floor altogether. Concessions stand pricing and selection on par with other Station casino theaters.

Auditorium was clean, seats are dated but comfortable, haven't had any audio or video issues. Bathrooms are on the small side and lines develop fast in the evening. Pricing is average. I like that this theater isn't one that gets too crowded."
"I found my new favorite grocery store- too bad it's clear across town from me! I recently overheard some coworkers talking about the awesome produce selection here, so i came specifically to stock up in that area. Experience reminded me of Costco or Sams, due to their ultra-competitive prices and warehouse-feel, but without the membership or lifetime-supply sizes.

In addition to a ton of well-priced and super-fresh produce, this grocery has a bulk-bin section to rival Whole Foods or Sprouts. I really liked that they also had pet foods in this area, as well as the option to make your own almond, peanut, or cashew butter. Meat selection was hit or miss, I found a few good deals though (salmon under $5/lb!). Dairy and frozen foods seemed to be less competitively priced. A final thing to highlight is their ready-made foods section, with lots of grab-and-go lunch options: wraps and sandwiches in large portions for under $3, various salads, pizzas, and wings available too. 

Much like Fresh and Easy (RIP!) I didn't notice many staff around, but those present were helpful and proactive about addressing and helping customers. Note that you bag your own purchases, so come ready to work!"
"I try to visit places more than once if I can before reviewing, but after a single Saturday-morning visit, I am a fan of Manila BBQ. I don't claim to be any sort of Filipino food-expert, but my meal was tasty and the service was super friendly and attentive, far above and beyond what I've experienced at other Filipino spots in Vegas.

Came in solo and ordered the #1 (chicken sticks combo with red rice and mac salad), added on the lumpia ($4 for 10, beef or veggie), and the portion was enough to fill me up and take a bit home for later. The chicken was flavorful and well-cooked without being dried out or overly sauced, and I liked that their mac salad had a good balance and wasn't too heavy on the mayo. Their beef lumpia was nicely crispy with a tasty filling, but I did find their red rice a bit less flavorful and less moist than other spot in town. Loved the traditional condiments on the table, used way too much banana ketchup with my meal. Overall, food was good and I am looking forward to an opportunity to come back and try more- specifically the vigansilog and halo halo!

The service though really kicks this place up- the owner introduced himself, walked me through the menu and made suggestions, checked on me throughout my visit, and remembered my name when he escorted me out the door. Beyond super friendly! Hope to come back soon!"
"I received free passes for the back row to this show, face value of just under $50. I would not pay that much to attend this show and sit in the front row.

The show has a few funny moments but overall it is dated and reminiscent of the humor from 90s sitcoms, discussing the differences between how men and women communicate and behave, connecting our current habits as inherited from our caveman ancestors.

Overall the show itself was not particularly funny and most of the material did not seem new. As others have said, there are several awkward pauses and lulls in the set, almost as if they are built in for audience participation or applause, but unfortunately there was not much of that at the show I went to.

The set is very basic and the improv room itself dated with framed photos of 80s-90s comedians on the walls. While it was not entirely a waste of time, I'd definitely suggest finding a discount or comp passes rather than paying full price- I do not think the original cost was justified by the performance I saw."
"Beesting cake and pretzel croissants. You're welcome.
Just about everything is phenomenal here, and I'm pretty sure you can't go wrong no matter what you get, but the two items above are my favorites.

Staff is super friendly: if you don't know what to get, they're happy to suggest some items and explain what's in the different pastries. Don't forget to check the discount table for 30% off of day-old bread loaves.

Pricing is super reasonable and quality is astounding. Location is a bit of a drive for me, but I'll go out of my way to come here. Heads up that sometime they forget to turn on their OPEN light, but they are open til 2PM on Sundays."
"This park has a lot to offer for kids- a climbing structure, a seasonal splash pad, and lots of wide open space. But I came here for a nap. No, I'm not a hobo AND I'm not kidding. This is why I keep a picnic blanket in my trunk.

Turns out, I powered through my lack of sleep because there was so much to do here. Took a short run, did some body weight exercises on some of the stations with equipment, strolled through the meditation garden, and then sat very, very still trying to get a bunny to come up to me. For real.

This is a pretty cool park, mostly for kids, but adults will find enough to do too. There are great views of the city lights as the sun goes down, and there's even a clean bathroom. Bonus points for picnic tables, grills, and a dog area around the back."
"If you are broke but still need to take someone out to dinner, Great Wall might be the just the place to get away with it. It's definitely a hole in the wall, but that just makes it intimate! Portions are so gigantic that you could probably split an order... and I don't think there's a single item on the menu over $10, and that's for dinner prices!

Menu has plenty to choose from, and some standouts for me include the won ton soup, the Great Wall egg foo yung (shrimp and bbq pork), and the double mushroom beef. My guy and I argue over whether the gigantic eggrolls are any good (he says yes, I say no), but we are united in disliking the lemon chicken dish here- the only thing we won't order again (breading is way too thick)."
"Hobak is a great place to experience as a group! As soon as you walk in, there's a great energy and usually a crowd. The interior is designed to resemble a night market, and the staff take care of absolutely everything- no overcooked meats when you get engrossed in the conversation, they've got it handled.

Get the party started with a full menu of beers, wines, cocktails, and soju, then decide on your meats and place your order. The fresh butcher counter at the back brings your meat to the table and it's cooked up in front of you.
Everyone gets banchan- they weren't the best, but there was a good variety of salad, beansprouts, green onion pancake, hot tofu soup, kimchee, steamed egg, and various marinated veggies. 
Meats are ordered in combos or individually- the spicy boneless short ribs were probably my favorite, but only because everything else came out so quickly that I couldn't really keep up. For the most part, everything was good but the beef dishes and marinated meats were best.
Dessert is ice cream sandwiches with rice cakes, and though it seemed out of season the pumpkin was my favorite! 

Service was polite without being intrusive- Bryan kept up two grills for our group, grabbed miscellaneous things like extra bowls, clean plates, and rice as needed, and paced the food out well. Came here with a group of Yelpers and had a great time, seems like a good place for family gatherings or special occasions."
"If the yellow rice here is heaven, then St. Peter should be greeting customers at the door. The rice here is, in a word, amazing. Perfectly fluffy, flavorful, and mild enough to complement any entree but able to stand on it's own. Fabulous quality.

A friend and former Vegas resident loves this place and recommended it- he is confident it is the best Mediterranean in Las Vegas. Cursory first visit suggests this place definitely is more than it appears!

Menu includes the usual suspects: falafel, chicken shawarma, dolmas, salads, and gyros, with specialties like the gyro or shwarma bowl, roasted eggplant salad, three different kinds of hummus, and their star dish (for good reason!) the spinach pie-- available only Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays.

Portions for pita wraps are giant, rice is amazing, salads are fresh, and staff is friendly. Definitely a neighborhood staple, just wish they were closer to my actual neighborhood."
"Good spot for cheap lunch deals- ranging from $6-$9, you can get a full fresh-made meal. The food itself is kind of hit or miss though. I liked the spicy basil shrimp but the lemon chicken was low-quality mostly-breading frozen chicken nuggets, unfortunately. Whatever you get, grab their Thai coffee though, because that was excellent. 

Most of their business seems to be takeout, and being able to order through the Yelp app is convenient so I haven't written this place off completely. I wouldn't turn down a visit here but probably wouldn't be the one to suggest it either."
"Beer Park must have been designed by one of those people who takes theme parties very, very seriously. It's like a giant picnic party, complete with fake grass underfoot, giant picnic tables for seating, ceramic red Solo cups and plates designed to look like paper. Giant Jenga and checkers games, pool and shuffleboard tables make it a fun time, and there's also a view of the Bellagio fountain show. Toss in 30+ HD TV screens, making it a great place to watch a game. It's like a backyard party on steroids, in the best way.

Menu features shareable apps (mostly fried stuff), burgers and sausages- the buffalo onion rings($8, huge portion) and garlic fries ($8, served with black pepper baconnaise) were both pretty solid, the guys liked their burgers ($11), and the Shock Top Sausage ($14) was surprisingly flavorful. In two hours, we went through a couple of pitchers, and those added up fast. The food was pretty well priced for a Strip location. Before we left, my friends were already talking about when they'd be back.

TIPS: 
*You can only enter from LV Blvd, so from the Paris casino floor, exit by Hexx and the entrance around the corner. 
*You get the shuffleboard pucks from the hostess, who will require your ID. 
*If you're an old fart whose back starts hurting at halftime from the lack of lumbar support at the picnic table, ask if your server can move you to the area with Adirondack chairs and couches in the corner by the grill."
"So excited to finally have an Asian Night Market in Vegas! Hoping this becomes a regular event. The crowds in attendance for this inaugural event definitely support the idea that this could be successful, and even expand. Most of the food was good, vendors were well-selected, and it was an overall success- but there are definitely some kinks to work out with logistics. Chalk it up to a learning experience for OCA and keep your eyes peeled for info of another!

PROS:
+ Good food variety. There could have been more vendors to alleviate the lines, but I liked that there wasn't a lot of competition as far as overlapping dishes across businesses. Fat Choy bao and Oming's bowls were standout dishes, well portioned and well priced.
+ There was seating and tables! I've been to a few festivals where there is no seating at all and no tables, so while they may not have been utilized in the best way here, at least they were available.
+ Ample parking! At least when I was there, there was plenty of parking, and even a valet option (not my style), which has been an issue with other locations/events. 
+ Did I mention it was free?! We regularly have food truck festivals that charge an admission fee on top of inflated food prices, so to have free entry really helped motivate me to cross town to go.
+ Speaking of money, some businesses were cash only and it is appreciated that there was an ATM available on site and well-marked on the provided online map.

CONS:
- Layout. As you can see from any photo, there were far more people than space. The vendors were set up in a tiny lot, and even before it got crowded there was no space for lines to form.
- Admission. I like that it was free, but saw no point in encouraging the EventBrite ticket usage, as no one was checking them. While this helped prevent a bottle neck, if the organizers wanted to actually USE this feature their booth should have been AT the entrance, not just nearby.
- Seating and tables. The cocktail tables were well placed and convenient. The large area of chairs for watching the stage were not well utilized as there wasn't much going on there. More round tables and seating would have been better.
- It's a family friendly outdoor event, but next time it should be stated that strollers and dogs should be left at home. Traffic bottlenecked around slow-moving or straight-up parked groups (since seating was not accessible) and as for the pets, it's a safety issue too.

TL;DR: There's room for improvement but I had a good time and think they will use the experience to make the next event better. Great to see mobile versions of respected businesses in town, hope the good turnout helps them get more participants in the future."
"Henderson is just bursting with great breakfast spots, and Peg's is the latest option to hit this side of town- and they're solid contenders to be your new favorite! 

Came in with Bethany E and shared the Tamale & Egg plate and a featured special, the Crabcake Omelet. The tamale was the star of that plate, which was served in a huge skillet with eggs, beans, coleslaw, fruit, and hash browns. You could practically feed a family with this! Everything was good, but the tamale was great and I'd totally get it again. 

The omelet was bursting with flavor, with the cake in crispy bits rather than one large slice, making it easier to enjoy a bit of everything in each bite- lots of mushrooms, onions, tomatoes, and capers, with a rich hollandaise on top!

In addition to great food, the service was on point with constant refills and smiles. Happy to have Peg's now at the other end of Nevada, looking forward to coming back to try more!"
"After hearing both positives and negatives about this studio, I came in with Loren M for a visit on International Yoga Day. The class itself was free, but per their controversial policy, all classes require a $2 tip for the instructor. I did not mind this but it is definitely a factor that would keep me from being a monthly member- note that if you are a regular, you don't need to carry cash, it is automatically deducted from your card on file. 

As for the class I took, Venus Hot, is upstairs in a headed warehouse-style room. I've taken hot yoga before, and it definitely helps to take a mat towel to avoid slipping as you heat up and start sweating. Look up at the ceiling before you pick a spot to set up, so you know where the heaters are. I did not catch the instructors name, but she circulated the room adjusting positions and projected her voice well so that we could still hear her. We moved through the various poses a bit faster than I find typical but at least it wasn't boring. 

The venue itself is fairly sparse but they do have a spacious locker room and I appreciate that each studio has the rules posted outside- discouraging late arrivals, banning phones, pointing out the shoe rack, etc. They seem to offer a pretty expansive schedule, and martial arts classes are also available on site. I will probably pop in for classes every so often, but the distance from my house and the tipping policy deter me from being a regular."
"It seems like there is a new surge of tea shops opening in up Vegas lately! This one caught my attention with their cute kitty logo and easy online ordering options. Placed an order on the go and swung by after a work event to grab our drinks and enjoy while sitting in the traffic back to Summerlin.

Location is cute and clean, staff are friendly, and drinks were ready fast. I especially like their visual menu. Their fresh fruit drinks like the Rose Island Tea and White Grape Oolong are great, and not too sweet. They also have smoothies and shakes in different flavors than expected, like Taro Coconut and Oreo Vanilla. Add-ons include boba, sea salt cream, and cheese foam. 

TIP: adjust your ice and sweetness levels, loyalty card available."
"Mostly a takeout joint, dine-in available with patio seating. It's somewhat difficult to see this store from the street, and it's in an otherwise deserted plaza. I usually order through Eat24 and just pick up, which is usually ready pretty quick. Prices are low, and you can easily eat here under $10/pp. 

The pizza is fine, the build your own option is cheap with an individual cheese pie starting at $4. I appreciate that they use fresh sliced mushrooms rather than cheaping out with the slimy canned version. The wings were okay but I prefer mine crispy and these seemed barely done, and I didn't care for the mango-habanero sauce. I'll try again with another flavor. The $2 Mojo fry (seasoned wedges) side is a great value. Note that there are sandwiches and salads listed on their posted menu in store but not available when ordering through Eat24."
"Not bad: one of the few urgent care places recommended by my insurance, open 24/7, and near my house. I did not experience the lengthy delays or poor service other reviews reference.

Came in around 6PM on a Friday night, having difficulty breathing. I was in and out in under an hour, received an EKG and spent time discussing my symptoms with the doctor. I appreciated that he did not immediately leap to the prescription pad but seemed to consider it a last resort, which I appreciate- it's difficult to find that mindset in the medical industry.

Location is clean, they had limited rooms available due to some construction in the building but were able to see me quickly. This center has it's own dedicated entrance, facing Charleston- go all the way around the building to access it. The main building entrance for the other businesses does not access this one."
"I've been a fan of Bronze Cafe since their original downtown location at The Center. When I heard they opened up just down the street from my work, I made plans the very next day to go by for the Good Earth Pita that I love so much. Note that right now the business is takeout only, but they do plan to be open for service ""in the next few months"" per Peter on my most recent visit.

I've ordered here twice and pickup service from Peter is always quick and friendly. The food is just how I remember, fresh and full of flavor. Though they specialize in vegan dishes, they do have some sandwiches with ""normal"" protein. Besides the Good Earth pita, the Woop Woop (turkey, bacon, etc) with added avocado has also been good- portions are filling, sandwiches come with a side salad, dressings and sauces are made in house. I'm glad to have this spot nearby!"
"I don't come by here often but the few times I have stood out. I first came in to print work documents when interviewing, and staff here were helpful about making sure my copies were on my special paper (that I brought), that I was charged properly, and that none of my sheets were wasted. It was a stressful time but the staff here were great.

Returned more recently with a complicated shipping order. Jabari helped me, had a great positive attitude throughout, and it clearly wasn't complicated to him- he knows his stuff. Left just a few minutes later, with all of the documentation I needed. Again, not a place I go often but such great service when I do."
"Sourdough Cafe: classic diner restaurant inside a locals casino. Menu is predictable, prices are low, portions are huge, quality is hit or miss. For best bets (pun intended), go for breakfast because those foods are harder to screw up. The chicken fried steak and eggs or the build your own omelet are solid choices. For other meals, proceed with caution when ordering the pastas or prime rib. While those dishes should also be hard to screw up, they've been disastrous in the past. Skip the line by checking to see if bar seating is available."
"Thailicious is one of those spots that is totally deserving of the name, it lives up to it and then some! Although it's a significant drive across the valley for me, I made the trek to have lunch with a friend for their vegan specialities. The entire menu is expansive, but the lunch menu is a good sampling of what they offer. The pricing, portion, and speed of service allow you to pop in here for a quick working lunch on a weekday, too.

I had to start with the fried spinach appetizer- a similar dish is served at another great spot in town, but priced nearly twice as high. I found Thailicious' version to be comparable in both portion size and quality. That dressing they use is great! The vegan pad thai, available with either fried or sauteed tofu, was a large portion packed with noodles and veggies. The starter soup and spring roll were well-made and flavorful, too. I sampled my friend's beef pad thai and the meat was tender and well-prepared. I'm looking forward to my next work trip across town so I can order the vegan khao soi next time!"
"I made the mistake of coming here before looking up the Yelp reviews, and somehow expected Hawaiian food rather than (mostly) Korean and (some) Chinese with island influence. The bare-bones dining room was also a bit surprising to me, but the food is solid.

COMBO PLATE: This three-meat treat will set you back about $16 but is easily enough food for two. The kalbi was my favorite, while BF preferred the meat jun. Sides of mac salad and rice are plentiful, and you also get the banchan (mostly spicy/pickled items this visit).
MANDU: Pot stickers, available in half (4 piece) and full (8 piece) orders, either pan-fried, deep-fried, or steamed. The fried versions were soggy but the dipping sauce is tasty.
SPAM MUSUBI: I love this dish, but not here. Entirely too much rice, and such minimal sauce as to render it nonexistent. It's sad when L&L makes a better version.

Service was attentive and pleasant. Menu has a lot of options, but you can easily get a filling meal under $10/pp here. All the Korean customers around us were only eating jja jjang myun (black bean noodles) so maybe that's the best dish to get here. I'll have to try next time."
"Not a fan. Went in to grab some snacks for the drive home to Vegas, hoping to grab a bunch of local breads, cheeses, and other little things but the store is tiny and selection is dismal. Produce area barely had anything in it, half of store seemed to be supplements and beauty products. I would have rather gone to Sprouts and spent less for better selection. The locally made tamales looked like a good deal, would have preferred they not be frozen. I do like that there's a coffee shop counter in the back, but no one seemed to be keeping an eye on the area so I got a drink elsewhere."
"Despite the name and the focus on hibachi/teppan dishes, Ohjah has a pretty large sushi selection and some good combos. Note that their Yelp check-in offer for a $26 dinner special is the regular price on their menu, but one of my favorite things to get. 

Out of the four sushi dinner special combos, I usually pick from the Special Rolls Combo (3 rolls) or the Blue Diamond Dinner Special (two rolls plus 4 pieces each chef choice sashimi and nigiri)- both are $26 and huge, shareable portions.

Favorite rolls include the Give Me a Break (spicy tuna, shrimp, avocado, Cajun tuna, garlic sauce) and the You and Me (tempura crab, salmon, cream cheese, tuna, superwhite tuna, fish eggs, eel sauce, and spicy mayo). They balance one another out well, with one being spicy while the other is more mild. Fish is fresh and generously cut, rolls aren't too rice-heavy.

Bonus star for offering 10% discount for LVAC members who show ID- this is even valid on takeout orders, which is typically what I get."
"Party (SAKE) Rock! I'm pretty sure that's the original name of the LMFAO song, but they had to change it for copyright reasons. Because Sake Rok is a total party atmosphere, complete with an MC, dance routines, a ridiculous number of shots, and crazy-loud music. Sake Rok isn't a restaurant so much as it's an immersive experience with food. It wasn't what I expected at all, but our large group had a great time!

The menu features mostly sushi dishes, with expected pricing for the Strip location. Splurge for the Godzilla sushi platter or a handful of apps and rolls to share. Standouts for us were the Sashimi Tacos (eat them fast or the shells will get soggy!), Rock Shrimp Tempura (great spicy kick!), Japanese-Style Elote (didn't expect to like this but it was a hit at the table!), and the Honey Toast Boat (easily enough to feed 10). Everything was beautifully presented, fresh, and full of flavor. There are entree and steak dishes for those in your party who don't like it raw.

Service was attentive, especially the host who was leading the dance routines, interacting with diners, and encouraging the consumption of sake bombs. I have no idea how he was still standing after the first hour, but he had a great personality and went out of his way to make a personal connection with guests. Sake Rok wouldn't be my pick for a date night, but if you have a bachelor/bachelorette party or a birthday to celebrate, make a reservation!"
"Not really a fan. The cute street-style layout is nice, but the stores are a bunch of generic chains you can find a hundred times over elsewhere in LV. For some reason, I was under the impression this was more of a higher-end shopping center. Definitely a shopping area for ""ladies who lunch"" and their ilk, but nothing unique to this area to draw business here as opposed to another mall. 

Props for having a small kid-friendly area with a splash zone for summers (conveniently located right in front of a froyo place), and I like that there are TWO health-conscious restaurants to choose from (Rachel's Kitchen and Bachi HLK, not including grab-and-go items at Whole Foods) but the millionth Anthropologie and yet another Charming Charlies? No thanks.

Side note: Farmers market in this center ended in May, rumor has it they'll be back in the fall. Bummed to miss it."
"I was as excited as everyone else when we got conveyor belt sushi in Vegas. Now that the novelty has worn off and Konbea has opened with an AYCE format, AND threw in the option for crab, I thought for sure it would be the best of all worlds. I've only been by once and was a bit underwhelmed, have not felt compelled to return.

The sushi here was okay. Seemed fresh enough and the rice ratio was typical. Rolls were on the more basic side. Dishes ordered from the kitchen outshone the sushi itself though. The crabs and salt and pepper shrimp weren't the best but good for the price ($5 add on?). Though they have the belt and kitchen options, the menu felt limited in a way that is difficult to explain- few sides, two desserts. Service was okay, great when around. Pricing for lunch is reasonable. I would go back if someone else suggested it."
"Having a massive menu means one of two things: your kitchen staff is really talented OR you are spreading yourself too thin as a restaurant. Here, I was disappointed to reach the verdict that it's the latter.

HOT DISHES far outshine the cold ones here. SAUTEED MUSHROOM SALAD was a super-tasty dish to start with, and the onion dressing really made the dish. Great combination of flavors and textures.
The GRILLED SKEWERS COMBO ended up being my favorite: chicken thigh and green onion, roasted garlic, and bacon-wrapped tomatoes were excellent, while the shishito peppers and chicken meatball were just okay.
BF loved the MISO BLACK COD, but I felt versions we had at Ichiza and Sen of Japan were far superior. 

Cold dishes were extremely unbalanced- dishes almost seemed to be created to cover up the taste of low-quality fish, but the cuts we had here were great! Truly baffling. 
BEEF TATAKI and YELLOWTAIL CARPACCIO were both dismal: fish was nearly flavorless and bland, overpowered by the various toppings and sauces. 
SASHIMI SALMON-IKURA BOWL was essentially a Chirashi bowl composed exclusively of salmon and roe on rice. So, a salty fish with a  salty accent. Not sure why these two were combined, the quality of salmon was good but I couldn't take the salt overload.

Dessert was coffee mochi, which should be widely available everywhere but it's not. There's a free ice cream Yelp check-in offer with flavors including black sesame, my personal favorite, and yuzu. 

Service was mixed- very professional, but the fact that staff spoke limited English prevented us from fully understanding the menu/specials. Loved the French maid with bunny ears uniforms the female staff were wearing, male staff took our order, was helpful and professional.
Love the upscale interior, but confused by sushi-bar type seating, and sashimi on the menu, but no rolls- then again, their cold fish dishes were my least favorite, so maybe that's for the best.

."
"TJ's, what would I do without you? From the fun freezer ""essentials"" to the  new monthly products, there's always something to check out here. I tend to stock up on particular produce items (bagged salads, baby beets, vegan cream cheese) and lunch stuff (wraps, vegan enchiladas, veggie patties). This location has a slightly different layout than usual, with flowers and cheeses right at the entrance- I guess this is in keeping with their higher end location here at downtown Summerlin.

I can't say I come by often, as I'm usually only at this shopping center to return an item from an online order or grab a bite to eat, but it's handy to have a spot to grab a couple of grocery items while out running other errands. Check out the sample counter on the back wall!"
"PROS:
+ Tons of staff around at all times, and they're pretty friendly. The instructors are great, too. I recommend Kristen (PiYo) and Molly (Insanity) the most, their classes are awesome!
+ This is one of the locations with a cardio theater! 
+ They have almost every machine or piece of equipment you could need, including sleds, punching bags, squat racks & smith machines (though not many). I hear there is TRX equipment but have yet to find it?

CONS:
- The layout is awful. It's not actually that small of a location, but it feels small. Huge lobby area, cramped weights and floor space. You have to walk through a maze of weight machines just to get to the locker rooms, dodging dudebros and stepping over blender bottles. It's ridiculous.
- Again with the layout: the locker rooms are in a weird corner right by the group class room, and the area gets clogged with students waiting for a new class making it difficult to get in and out of the locker rooms. What idiot mapped this place out?!
- The cardio theater is cramped with poor circulation. It's also bright and noisy, which kind of defeats the purpose. They should lose a few bikes (I never see more than 3 being used) and treadmills to add a couple of stair mills."
"Come for lunch! Their prices are reasonable and portions are generous. You can try many of the dinner menu items at this time, and parking is a bit easier than in the evening. I plan to come back for some evening-exclusive dishes like their octopus app.

PASTA: The classic spaghetti ($11) with added meatballs ($5) was so good. Huge portion that lasted me two meals, really enjoyed the sauce and pasta was perfectly cooked. The meatballs are well-sized, a touch pinker inside than I'd typically prefer, but a really great flavor in the combination of meats. Their pastas are made in house, and I'll definitely be coming back to try more!

SANDWICH: For a slightly lighter lunch option, there is a selection of sandwiches. I tried the Mushroom Panini ($12?), perfect for vegetarians or those who partake in Meatless Monday. The medley of fungi was great, accented with cheese and lemon, and served in a humongous serving- the three piece sandwich was more than a single meal. The lightly-dressed side salad and root chips complement the hearty sandwich well, and I really enjoyed the cheese-crusted bread it is served on. Plan to try their chicken parm sando next.

Lunch service takes orders at the entrance counter, then brings out to your table. Staff were attentive and friendly, refilling waters and bringing out much-needed takeout boxes. Love the open kitchen and decor here, great energy and delicious food."
"1st star: Super friendly service. I've been in a few times now and I've yet to have a server that isn't anything short of awesome. They make menu suggestions, offer constant drink refills, and generally anticipate your needs very well. I've experienced a few errors with billing and orders but they're typically resolved quickly and with a smile. Management is visible and they're happy to talk about the company and expansion plans. Expect 4 Vegas locations by 2018!

2nd star: Their famous chicken and waffles. Thick, beautiful waffles topped with an amazing strawberry butter and accompanied by a huge, juicy half chicken with a delightfully crispy skin. This would be my go-to and it can easily serve two.

3rd star: Shrimp & Grits and Huevos Rancheros, my other two go-to dishes. The S&G is their own take on the classic dish, with fried grits patties topped with a tasty cream gravy and ample shrimp. The HR is more of a chilaquiles dish with crispy tortilla chips, lots of salsa and sour cream, and crispy fried jalapenos. Don't forget the over-med egg!

4th star: The rest of the menu is huge, from sweet french toasts (Yohala!) to salads, sandwiches, and dinner entrees (Ma, the meatloaf!). It really does meet their ""where the locals eat"" motto, offering dishes for every time of day and every preference. Always check their specials board. Looking forward to a West side location near me!"
"From the outside, I can't tell what the heck this place is: the ""Internet Cafe"" part caught my eye and I initially went in hoping to use free wifi. But then I walked in and saw multiple food counters, like a food court- and a random desktop computer toward the back, realizing that the ""internet cafe"" was a business. Oops.

But I lingered- there's a decent selection of places here, and while they all seemed to be fairly small and low-budget, I figured that local businesses had to start somewhere, right? And an entire brick-and-mortar building usually requires a big chunk of change, not to mention remodeling costs before they even open. I can see the opportunity being pretty good, from the business perspective.

There's a wing place, a taco place, the obligatory boba stand, what appeared to be a southern place? and what I really loved: a cajun place. Weeziana's is what really got my attention, with their fish and swamp offerings of gumbo and po' boys and fried catfish. Ultimately went for the seafood gumbo and shut the door on the flavor. Gave them their own separate 5-star review, and I don't hand out many of those.

Gonna be back here soon, probably this weekend, to grab wings during the 49ers game. Judging by their Yelp presence, the odd location hasn't hampered their success either- here's hoping this odd little food court becomes known as a breeding ground for great local restaurants new to the biz, later going on to great things."
"What do you get when you combine an art gallery and a coffee shop and put it all on an English double-decker bus? Steve Patchin's Art Bus Coffee, of course! Steve is a local artist specializing in photography who combined his two passions into one business. 

The Art Bus visited my workplace as a staff perk for the end of the first quarter of the school year. I wasn't involved in the reservation process, but Steve was great to interact with and very professional. The bus itself is impressive, with an outdoor coffee-ordering window (with an expansive menu of music-related drink names and reasonable prices!) and an upstairs interior featuring artwork on display and available for purchase. There's also seating and cushions available to sit and sip your drink and chat. The bus was a hit at our event, and definitely a unique option to keep in mind for something fun to do for your team."
"Consistently bomb Thai food is in a tiny hole-in-the-wall spot in Chinatown. When you want solid staple dishes like pad thai, pad see eiu, tom yum soup (best with chicken), or green curry rice (love it with shrimp!), TSNH has you covered. 

But I think their specialty dishes are even better- especially the panang curry with avocado and salmon (so creamy!) and the pad ped snapper (maybe order a little lower on the spice scale than usual). Portions are generous, prices are low (rarely over $10 unless it's a seafood special), $30 can easily get a couple a takeout feast dinner with leftovers."
"This is hipster-ass coffee, nestled in the Vegas arts district. They roast on-site, offer a small range of solid breakfast and lunch foods, and have straightforward and knowledgeable staff. Vesta seems to fit in well despite having another coffeeshop just a block away.

Their lattes are okay, but their regular coffees and pour overs are more their forte. The breakfast croissant is huge, flaky, and nicely seasoned like an everything-flavored bagel. I like that their fromage blanc (and other menu items) is made in house but wish it had a touch more flavor and portion. The avocado toast is decent, but better with the added egg. Chia pudding is a pretty solid version too, with fresh fruit and lots of flavor.

The location is bare and minimalist. I wish there were a bit more decor but I guess they're going for the modern big-city coffee shop look, which is fine. You almost forget you're in Vegas. Bonus star for having a free adjacent parking lot!"
"I've been on a carnitas kick and a friend recently recommended CK. It's clear across town for me but I went by anyway. Menu is concise, location is on the small side, but staff are friendly and quality was good.

The lunch torta was about $5, with chips, and I added avocado. This was more than enough for lunch, and well-priced. The bread held up as I ate, and the meat was well flavored. I also really liked the orange sauce they used, it was zesty with a bit of a kick but not spicy. They do have a small salsa bar if you want to add to your order. I don't know that I'd cross town specifically to come here but it was a good spot for the area."
"Low prices, fast service, decent quality. Wouldn't have known about this place if they hadn't been featured on Groupon- even without a discount, you can get a fairly healthy and filling lunch here for under $10.

Favorite pick is the salmon bento box: portion of salmon, chicken ""teriyaki"", and cali roll plus sides of mac salad and seaweed salad. Added on an order of eggrolls. Salmon was a little oilier than expected, chicken was moist dark meat fried nuggets but I did not taste any teriyaki seasonings or sauce?, Cali roll was fresh, sides were just okay. You can certainly do worse on this side of town.

Interior has a small sushi bar, a lounge-like area with a TV and magazines, and several tables. Walk-up ordering format, most of their orders seem to be takeout judging by the name and lack of dine-in customers."
"A simple, sweet little spot for tea- love the name and the service! Menu is mostly beverages, with a small selection of crepes. Much like Kung Fu Tea, this spot emphasizes that they will customize sweetness and flavors to your preference. 

Props for focusing on the details: marinating the boba in honey, making the fruit drinks from actual fresh fruit (not real-fruit-based syrups), and making sure you try your drink before you go to ensure it is to your liking. 

The coffee latte with sea salt cream is a tasty menu option, made with fresh cold brew- it's extra-strong, so you may need to ask for it a bit sweeter than you're used to. One of the better options outside of Chinatown for milk tea beverages!"
"I've driven by several times but only dined in once so far. I'm surprised they don't advertise their specials more, as that's where they stood out to me: good pricing and portion for lunch (11:00-3:30) and nice food and drink discounts for HH (3-5:30?). My visit was unintentionally in that 3-3:30PM window to get the most bang for my buck, so I left stuffed full of fresh fish (and a little bit of frustration that my eyes are always bigger than my stomach).

HH: $3 orders of nigiri or sashimi for select fish, and discounted apps and rolls. I got the salmon nigiri and the salmon tataki ($7), for a fresh start to my meal. Rice ratio was favorable and chef got the food out fast.

LUNCH: One of their specials is 2 special rolls with soup or salad for $15. If you miss lunch pricing, the same deal sans side is $17 for 2 rolls. Not a bad deal if dining solo (they also offer AYCE and hibachi). The Ichiban and Sizzling Love rolls were both plated nicely, fresh, and kept the same low-rice ratio, which I really appreciated. 

SERVICE: Staff were fairly friendly and attentive. I had questions the chef couldn't or wouldn't answer, so he waved over a server. Order out fast and location (including bathroom) was clean. 

TL;DR: I probably wouldn't cross town to come here specifically but it's a great spot to have in the neighborhood. Time your visit for best specials."
"I'm a big fan of this chain but not so much this location. I recently moved and this is now my closest one but I'll keep going the extra few miles to go to the Decatur/Charleston location- because they have a produce section. Some of the best deals to be found are with their 2/99c bell peppers, bagged salad, and clearance produce. Even the small frozen section at this location can't really compete with what I'm used to at that one.

But it's still convenient to have in the neighborhood for household goods, school supplies, toiletries, snacks/pantry staples, and seasonal stuff. The selection for holiday decor and gift items is less picked-over here than at other, busier locations. Perhaps due to the lower business volume, they also have lower staff- you can count on being in line for a while here."
"I don't want to start a controversy or anything, but I thought the meatballs here were just okay. Mic drop.

That being said, it's cool to have a dining option before, during, or after a shopping excursion at IKEA because that can take half the day (been there, done that). The cafeteria style setup has a huge opening dining room and several dining options from salads and fresh seafood to desserts for just a snack, as well as kid friendly options and healthy choices. And those meatballs. Everything is affordably priced and a full meal here, with drink, is unlikely to set you back more than $10. I tend to gravitate towards their salmon options, which have been consistently fresh so far. I'm not the kind of person to go to this cafe unless I'm already at IKEA for other reasons, though."
"Referred here for follow up a week after being at UMC ER. Per policy, you are required to show up half an hour before your appointment time. I was taken back quickly but did not see a doctor until half an hour after my appointment time. Spent 2 hours here for what was ultimately a waste of time, as other doctors handle the majority of my current health concerns. Bloodwork was suggested but I ultimately decided to continue with my current service providers and seek a referral elsewhere.

I will not name names, but the doctor I worked with here was the first I've yet encountered to be lacking in bedside manner. Otherwise, he was knowledgeable and courteous- thankfully, this is a teaching facility and the checkout process includes a satisfaction survey with space for comments, so I was able to leave feedback to address this."
"Alfredo's is the third bakery business to occupy this spot in the past year and a half- already they seem to have their act together better than their predecessors, with friendly staff, fully-stocked display cases, and weekend hours! 

I've popped in a couple of times and tried a handful of items: their tarts are my go-to item, specifically the key lime, which had a great base and just the right level of tartness to the filling. Their macarons fare a bit better than their mini whoopie pies for me, with both being better than the tres leches cake, which I prefer both sweeter and wetter than the version Alfredo is serving up.

Haven't yet tried their pastries but it's only a matter of time. Rumor has it this place has tamales and sandwiches available as a special, but I seem to keep missing them. Someone let me know when they're in stock!"
"Solid museum located at Springs Preserve- entry is free with park admission/hand stamp. There is one main exhibit showing everything you ever wanted to know about Vegas, and one that changes seasonally- currently it's about communication technology. There's also an education area and a gift shop. Surrounding grounds are great to extend your visit, but that's another review.

When I say the main museum exhibit has everything you ever wanted to know about Vegas, I'm not kidding- you start with prehistoric fossils and current animals, specifically the nocturnal dessert critters, then segue into the various flora and landforms including a great area on caves, before getting into Nevada statehood, famous residents, government, and the culture (original native american indian tribes from the area, impacts of the gold rush and oil boom, atomic testing and research, mob ties to business and creation of the Strip, showgirls and neon lights).

This museum manages to cover a lot of information and topics in a relatively limited space, with a lot of visuals to appeal to younger audiences- however, the many plaques are packed with info that's more appealing for adults so kiddos may get restless here. As Eric mentioned, I'm surprised by the lack of modern exhibit topics."
"When a pizza and a quesadilla love each other very much, they come together and form a culinary delicacy known as a pizza-dilla. This creation is comprised of a large, folded, griddle-cooked tortilla packed with cheese, sauce, and your favorite pizza toppings!

The pizza-dilla is a messy meal, and not a healthy one either. But if you're in a junk food mood or can't decide between contrasting cravings, it's a solid option. The supreme version has peppers, onions, olives, sausage, and pepperoni. The plain pepperoni version is a great classic choice that takes me back to childhood kitchen experiments. 

Service was polite, dine-in seating available, takeout orders encouraged to be called in for fastest service. Prices are super-cheap, too!"
"Their pizza may be great, and the service here is better than their Rainbow location, but their wings suck. 

Good price for 10 wings at $8, available in medium or hot. Except they're dry- both in terms of the sauce, and the meat itself. Also a downside: they only offer packets of ranch for dipping. Unable to tell if wings were made fresh, just know that I was disappointed with the quality of what I received.

Pizza slices are fine here, and their rice balls are a treat. Small tables for dining outside, inside dining available further back in the building. Steer clear of the non-pizza options and you're good."
"Outdated equipment and the world's worst layout. I'm not sure why they haven't temporarily closed to remodel, but this place needs to be completely gutted. The ground floor cardio section feels like an NYC basement and I've seen better locker rooms at the Y. Add in that they're understaffed. If this were my closest go-to LVAC, I never would have joined. After visiting here, I understand why people have a low opinion of this chain."
"My go-to order is the Veggie Unwich, light mayo and as much sprouts as they can pack in there. I only grab to go, but my sando is ready super-fast and it's always perfectly rolled- some places offer lettuce wraps out of social obligation, and do a crappy job. JJ isn't one of them; it's always flawless and never falls apart.

There's a tip on the app page about how this location is ""tiny""-- I'm guessing it's posted by a drive-by ""customer"" because it looks small on the outside but when you go in, there are 10+ tables and two massive group tables. It's not small.

The location has dark tinted windows (to save us from the cruel Vegas summer sun!) so it can look like it's closed during the day- but it's open! Line moves fast, veggies are always fresh, staff is efficient, prices are good and portions are big. What's not to love?"
"I am reliably at Habit Burger at least three times a year- once for my  birthday freebie burger, once for the seasonal French Onion burger (SO GOOD), and once for their annual No Kid Hungry promo. Somehow my most recent visit nailed all three in one, at this newest Habit location, which is the only one I've yet seen locally with a drive-thru!

Parking is somewhat limited, adjacent bank lot available after they close, shaded patio seating for nice weather. Other than that, it was a typical HB experience: same friendly service, clean shop, and delicious food. The French Onion burger was prepared to med-rare, slathered with extra sauce, piled on a toasted bun, and totally hit the spot. The onion rings, fried green beans, and fried zucchini are also great sides to add on, crispy but not greasy- and it's nice that they offer ranch for dipping without a surcharge."
"Gabi is gorgeous, from the eclectic mix of textiles and ceramics to the food and drink, everything has that extra attention to aesthetic detail that makes you want to bust out your camera, invite a friend, and linger a while. I definitely dig the decor here, with the glassed-in open kitchen and lots of plants to brighten up the otherwise bare warehouse space. Whoever designed this place is a genius.

But it seems more thought was put into the space than the menu. There were several hits with the food, but for a spot primarily touted for their coffee and boasting a single-origin espresso, none of those beverages worked- the bitter and slightly burnt brew did not hold up well in their novelty drinks. The namesake Gabi was a touch too dry and I did not care for the decorative coffee ground garnish, the Caramella ratio was off (3:1) and inedibly sweet, and the Cream Kiss (house coffee plus house whip) was only okay. However, I did enjoy their non-coffee vanilla chai and matcha lattes and hear good things about their teas. I really hope this is an area they'll improve upon.

Luckily, the food and bakery menu is fairly well executed and the breads in particular held up well. For savories, the Nova Scotia Salmon Breakfast Brioche and croissant sandwiches (I tried two) are well portioned for the price with quality meats and cheeses, served with fresh side salads. I especially appreciated that the toasts were sturdy without being rough against the roof of my mouth. As for sweets, the Rainbow Roulade wasn't too sweet and the beautiful Rose Lychee sang to my particular tastebuds- but other friends found it too sweet and not sweet enough on different visits, so perhaps their consistency is off. 

Overall, I liked Gabi and will definitely return to try more of their treats. The service throughout their soft opening was attentive and appreciative of feedback. Looking forward to returning to try the coffees again, as well as the buns and cheesecake."
"Chia Vera is an asset to the area, offering fresh-made salads, wraps, bowls, and burgers, along with protein shakes and smoothies, and tons of customization options. The chef is friendly and any dietary restrictions can be accommodated without sacrificing flavor. They also do meal prep. Healthy and convenient... if you can find it.

The location inside the CSN food court means you're unlikely to stumble in without knowing about it, and for whatever reason they don't have any posted hours so I've found them closed more often than not. The salad and wrap I got were both good, but it was a customized order out of necessity when three things I tried to order couldn't be made because ingredients were out of stock in the kitchen. A little advertising and a bit more attention and this place could be even better."
"Great menu and pricepoint, good location, working on the execution and service. Located downtown and offering a quick, healthy, and inexpensive alternative to the usual options around Fremont.

Menu has a variety of baked (offsite) goods, sandwiches (on bagels and as paninis), and salads, as well as beverages (hot/cold coffee and tea, smoothies). Specials include a $3 coffee-and-croissant combo offered 7:30-10:30, and a few daily featured sandwiches for lunch for $7. It's easy to get out of here spending ~$10/person with multiple items.

Unfortunately the execution needs work. Their vanilla chai was hot with a good sweet-and-spicy balance, but the apricot croissant was mostly hollow with a minimal filling, which tasted overly sweet and artificial. Chicken caprese salad did not match menu description or my expectations, but was decently fresh and a good high protein, low carb lunch choice.

Service was polite, but seemed frazzled despite there only being a handful of customers. Manager/owner was prompt about addressing issues and making corrections, but there seemed to be some confusion with orders between the POS and the kitchen.  

TIP: They offer an awesome $25 for $50 credit Yelp deal, but prices are so low here that you'll need a large group to spend that much in a single visit."
"A food truck/catering business- they were present at the Bite of Las Vegas festival, and one of the most popular booths! Putting out a variety of house-made fries, available plain, with cheese, cheese and jalapenos, loaded baked potato, or Asian chicken (with a sriracha cream drizzle and cilantro). They smartly had all of their featured styles on display, and despite having one of the longest lines, it moved pretty quickly. 

Chips were fresh, portion as huge for the low $5 price tag, and they were generous with the toppings. Their old-school ticketed ordering system helped keep things running smoothly and ensured everyone got what they ordered, as they turned their ticket stub in to pick up their food. Their website indicates that they do general catering, and I'd be interested to hit up the truck if I see it again to see what other food they put out."
"Full disclosure, I'm definitely not vegan but I do enjoy the food. I've been following Chef Kenny's business ventures around down from Veggie House (VH)  to VegeWay and this latest spot with vegan sushi really caught my eye. Went in twice, once for dine-in sushi and another time for takeout from the entree menu, and will inevitably be back for more.

DINE IN: Cute setup inside! Vegan sushi menu was the big draw for me, tried this first. There's a combo option for chef choice nigiri + special roll and it made a good dinner paired with an app. The sushi is brightly colored and the menu informs what is used in place of typical seafood- note that some rolls are more fruit-based and sweeter, which I would personally avoid. It's obviously not going to be mistaken for real sushi but the textures and flavors worked well together to get a similar effect. The vegan ""eel"" (tofu skin?) and ""salmon"" were my favorites, planning to go back for the spicy tuna roll.

TAKEOUT: Rest of menu is similar to VH with stir fries and other Chinese dishes, opted for the duck curry. This was tasty with a surprisingly good texture that was firm yet fatty, good imitation of the real thing. Unclear why this is served topped with curly fries but the sauce had a depth of flavor I appreciated with a comfortable heat level, paired with rice. This spot is easier for me to get to than VH, and the ease of Yelp ordering makes it more likely I'll pop in."
"The skillet fajitas are about the only thing worth getting here. I don't know if I wasn't drunk enough to appreciate the food or what, but it was extremely mediocre.

Chips and salsa are generic, salsa lacks any sort of kick. Not sure why each table gets two bowls of the same salsa either, unless someone made a mistake. Speaking of service, it was also very basic- barely saw my waitress, was never asked how the food was, only got a smile out of her when we got the bill.

I had high hopes for the ahi tacos, but the fish, though fresh, is not marinated or seasoned in any way- rendering the order bland, basic, and boring. For $16, even downtown, it should have some sort of flavor.

Subtracted an additional star for lying about happy hour- HR website says it's 3-7PM, Mon-Fri. Waitress says they don't have one, when I mention the site she states it's at the bar only, and there is no food on it. Not true, but apparently they don't honor it if there's a performance on premises that day. You'd think they'd encourage people to eat on property and spend more money, guess not..."
"I thought this old downtown casino would be a lot smokier than it actually is- props for keeping the stench to a minimum while keeping the old school charm! The lobby area is surprisingly nice, with a decorated tree and piano set up for the holidays. Had a relatively solid experience at the café (Seigels 1941), they also offer grab-and-go options at a coffee shop and a Subway, and drinks at the Parlour Bar (with early and late HH). 

Location is convenient to downtown events, Fremont Street, and the Container Park- they have a $5 seasonal drink on special (no HH required), and brag about their loose slots, but it's not a destination on it's own IMO."
"I've been making more of an effort to get out in nature, now that the hellacious temperatures of our summer season have come to pass. Turtlehead Peak is one of the tougher options at Red Rock, and I would say the difficulty rating is accurate. I went with a colleague who has done the trail before and has lots of hiking experience, which helped to avoid some of the navigation issues others mention.

If you plan to make it all the way to the summit, allow about 3 hours. The trail was pretty visible, with rocks marked with white and blue dots as needed, up until the last quarter mile or so up to the ridge, which was more difficult. After the halfway mark, the terrain is rocky with gravel and sand stone, so wear shoes with good traction and consider gloves. It goes without saying to take adequate water and snacks or a lunch for the top, and watch out for cactus.

As the photos show, the views are great. What I liked most about this particular trail is that it's difficult enough that it's not crowded and you mostly get the place to yourself. This hike will test your stamina; take breaks as needed and foam roll out your calves later!"
"Took a friend and her daughter to Operation Halloween- located in a hidden spot in Tivoli Village, it's appropriate from about ages 3-10 and very interactive. The decorations were on point and the kids get to play carnival games, make ""potions"", jump around on trampolines and zip lines, and decorate a pumpkin. It was a lot of activity packed into about an hour and a half, and the kiddo had a great time (6 yrs).

My favorite aspects are the incredible attention to detail with the decoration and costumes- everything is so well put together for a temporary pop up shop! The actors, though young, did not break character even once and were great at interacting with even the littlest of kids. There are several photo ops, with option for professional family photos at the end- but staff are great about taking photos on request throughout. This will morph into a holiday version (Operation Christmas) in November/December!

TIP: Easiest to access by parking in garage by elevator #420 and going up to second floor."
"One of the few off-Strip sports bars to carry all of the UFC fights- came here for the Rousey 190 match. Food is fairly decent, but nothing I'd cross town for on it's own. Service was attentive and food/drinks came out quickly despite the crowd.

ZINGER MOUNTAIN MELT: Basically it's chicken strips on a mound of fries, accented with cheese, bacon bits, and green onions, with ranch. Ultimate bar food, easily split among 2-3 hungry people without regard for their waistlines or cholesterol. The chicken was just okay, hardly something they should be considering a signature dish. The fries and various toppings took on the flavors of a baked potato, which was kind of fun.
HOT WINGS: Standard bar wings, the ""hot"" sauce was fairly mild, and they twice brought out Ranch instead of the Bleu cheese dip we requested. Decent-sized order, about 10 wings.
PEPEPRONI FLATBREAD: Very crisp flatbread, slight char to the bottom for flavor. There's a surprising amount of flavor packed into this order, with a thin but robust layer of tomato sauce, topped with cheese and a generous number of pepperoni. I appreciated that this wasn't greasy.
ALE HOUSE SUNDAE: Two fist-sized scoops of ice cream (choice of chocolate, vanilla, or both) topped with the classic whipped cream, hot fudge, and cherry. Felt there should have been more fudge for it to be considered a sundae, but it was more of a decorative drizzle. Not that any of us needed this dish at all, shared or otherwise.

Beer selection is pretty good (had a nice shandy), prices are reasonable ($8 pitcher of margs special!), and if you sign up for their e-club you'll get a coupon for a free flatbread. Make sure to come for a game, the food on it's own isn't enough to really have a great visit."
"Spent a beautiful fall day hiking here- with access inside Red Rock or outside (park in the lot past the Scenic Loop exit), which is helpful for those busier days at the park. There are a few different turnoffs here, which can make navigation a bit tricky, as well as areas where the trail forks for different options. Look up a map beforehand online as a guide.

We started from the ""middle creek"" route. Trail was mostly easy to follow til we reached a large ridge and needed to backtrack. We made it most of the way to the end but not all the way to the creek. Took a different trail back and got turned around, went off trail (never a good idea, got all scratched up)- so maybe taking the RR route is a better option, YMMV (literally).  Not sure I'd do this one again, but the trail leads you to some great rock climbing areas."
"Came in for grand opening night with a few friends. Boteco is a new wine bar and tapas concept that should fit in great in this plaza, a welcome addition that offers class and creative cuisine in an area anchored by Twin Peaks and lunch-hours-only options. 

 Chef Rachel's globally-inspired menu features several dishes with Asian influence, from a trio of bao generously loaded with pork belly to a Thai crab ""dip"" with prawn crackers that riffed in ceviche, and more of a European influence in the bite-size Escargot Croquetas. The Avocado Crunch salad I ordered reminded me of gazpacho, would make a refreshing summer option on their soon-to-open patio.

Other than the eats, Boteco has a selection of interesting wines from around the world as well as a weekend brunch (foie gras benedict and champagne pancakes!) and a monthly tasting menu dinner ($65/pp). Don't forget to try a dessert: the salted caramel bundino was our favorite.

The service provided great information and enthusiasm for the dishes but unfortunately some fell flat, not matching descriptions or simply underwhelming. Will return once they settle in more, has lots of promise."
"I can't say Ethiopian food is something I ever crave but sometimes you just want to eat with your hand(s). Thankfully, my friend Cathey understands this urge and joined me for dinner here. We shared the vegetarian platter and the lamb tibs, and the food was solid but not outstanding. Location is in a new building and the vibe is more modern than homey. One staff person on a Friday night, handled everything well.

Both orders are served on a bed of Injera with an extra tray alongside. Vegetarian plate had six dishes to try, including ones made of beets, lentils, and spinach. The lamb tibs was a generous portion sided with tomato fitfit, and the two dishes complemented one another well- I could've gone hotter (spice) on the meat but wasn't asked. The meat was very mild, lacking any gaminess that others may find a turn off. I can't say this spot beats my usual go-to Ethiopian spot in town but they do have a breakfast menu, and I may go back for the kitfo."
"I've had hit and miss experiences at their other location, popped into this one recently for takeout sushi. Order was ready fast, location is clean, staff were friendly. 

The roll I received was fresh but definitely on the smaller side for a ""special roll"" over $10. Sauces were packed on the side to avoid the roll getting soggy, but they use tiny plastic trays held together with rubber bands to pack rolls-  cheap contraption barely held together and I suspect the space limitations of the tray is what caused my order to shrink. Maybe this is a corner they shouldn't cut, use regular takeout containers.  Perhaps this spot is better for dining in."
"If I were to be in a relationship with carbs, our online status would say ""it's complicated."" Carbs are great and all, but I tend to make poor choices as to the quantity and frequency in which I indulge. In short, I need to be supervised. Cue Bethany E. She joined me for lunch here at Trattoria Italia to keep my carb intake in check. Long story short: we failed.

EGGPLANT RIPIENI: This baked eggplant dish is similar to eggplant parmesan but without the breading of most versions. Vegetable, sauce, and cheese, served bubbling. Goes great with the garlic knots, and the portion is large enough to serve as an entree.
MUSHROOM RISOTTO: Special dish of the day but delicious enough to deserve a spot on the menu. Giant portion, saucy and packed with a variety of mushrooms. I couldn't get enough of this. Awesome vegetarian entree, may be even better with chicken. 
ORECCHIETTE: Little ears pasta, my fave. Chewy, tender, tiny pasta pieces. This version is tossed with a light oil, broccoli rabe, and a rave-worthy sausage. This portion was the largest of them all and could easily be split and shared. 

Our giant lunch was so filling and delicious that only a small late dinner was needed. The hefty portion of leftovers was helpfully escorted to Bethany's home rather than my own. Service was attentive without being intrusive, and location is cozy for a quiet date or ample catch-up conversation with friends. Looking forward to coming back for more!"
"The BF regularly orders from here when he's at work. I get leftovers when he overorders- which isn't all that often, actually. The thai jerky and the crab fried rice are consistently good options, but I especially like combining the two. The dipping sauce for the jerky is awesome! They do have a $20 minimum for delivery."
"This vegan burger spot has changed names (and ownership) several times in the past couple years, but it's current incarnation is the best experience I've had there. I'm not usually in the area but was recently working out of NWCTA for the day and ordered online for lunch.

Burger selection here is good, I opted for the Cha Cha (Sriracha cheddar, mayo, tortilla strips, avocado, tomato, arugula, onion, pretzel bun) with an Impossible burger, made it a combo with curly fries and an iced mint green tea. Order held up well heading back to the office, burger was stacked with ample toppings and there was a mountain of fries. Only major downside to my order was the tea, which was weak and flavorless, not the punch of mint and caffeine I'd ordered it for. Burger was tasty and mostly held up well, mashing the avocado like guac helped avoid the slippery effect from keeping it sliced. Overall, attention to detail with food execution is better now than during previous visits. Planning to revisit for the Bleu Moon burger next time!

PRO TIP: Get the sriracha ketchup by the drink dispenser for your fries. So spicy, good on everything."
"Maybe the tofu soup isn't the thing to get here, but the banchan wasn't that great either. Soup was mostly spice with some old shrimp thrown in for good measure, and the four sides I tried were all pretty bland.

Location is clean and convenient, but there are obvious differences in how some customers are treated compared to others- restaurant is set up for counter service but the non-white customers got table service, complimentary drinks, extra banchan, etc. Another table present was clearly bothered by this, so maybe a little more discretion should be exercised."
"Upstairs above the slot machines and indoor smoking is the movie theater at the Orleans- it's dated but let's get real, a movie on a giant screen is a movie on a giant screen. I love that even during holiday weekends (typically a major movie-going time), they're not very busy. The adjacent arcade ain't bad either.

Concessions here are priced high, just like they are at every theater. Ticket prices are average: $10.50/adult, no matinee pricing on weekends (that parts BS, actually)."
"Typical pizza takeout spot with saucy pies, various apps, salads, and lunch specials. The pizza is their forte, but I can't say I'm the hugest fan- as others have mentioned, the sauce is a bit too sweet for my liking and it was a touch greasier than I would have liked. However, the slices are huge and reasonably priced and a $4-5  slice is filling enough to be your entire lunch! The pepperoni is solid but the veggie slice is my go-to.

The salads are huge and fresh, and the gyro version in particular comes topped with tons of tasty protein. They also offer their gyros with fries as a cheap lunch special on Wednesdays, though I didn't particularly care for their tzatziki as it was mostly plain sour cream. Each day has it's own discounted special, though. 

Service is pretty stellar- the guys working take my order, make it fresh, and have it ready in under 10 minutes even when I don't remember to call ahead. Dining in here IS an option, unlike other takeout-exclusive spots.

Don't forget to check in for 10% off your walk-in order!"
"After being ever-so-rudely blown off by the host at Chada, we found ourselves here for dinner at the bar with football and an awesomely knowledgeable bartender who guided our dining choices.

PORK BELLY BUNS: Simple, tasty, perfect. Inhaled the trio.
VIETNAMESE BEEF CARPACCIO: Highlight of the meal, large portion for an appetizer with great mix of flavors and textures. This dish is what brought my overall rating up from three stars to four.
OXTAIL PHO: Dish that brought me in here. Simple ingredients, tasty broth, enjoyable but not a dish I feel that I have to have again. Ample meat portion!
RAZOR CLAMS: Chef special, stir fried razor clams in garlic and peppers with a kick of spice to them. Cool presentation, but wouldn't get again. 

Dinner for two with two beers (Boston Brown Ale, so good!) came to $60 before tip, largely due to the razor clam special which was unexpectedly $18. Would have rather had two different appetizers instead. Good place to watch the game in a low-key setting with tasty food.

EDIT: Dropping a star due to inconsistency. Came back a couple of times and dishes always seem to be hit or miss. Recently, their porkbelly rice dish was 99% fat and none in our group cared for their take on papaya salad. The buns are always good, garlic noodles are chewy and fragrant, and the fish tacos are a HH-only item for me because they're good but tiny... but I feel like ordering outside of my few go-to dishes is risky."
"Came in for Restaurant Week with Loren M. The $20 lunch menu features several of their best dishes, with a $30 evening/all day menu. Both seem to be a great value, with a large amount of food and several seafood options. Good spot to bring your pescatarian friend!

Caesar salad and chicken tortilla soups were solid, but the lollipop chicken and grilled artichoke apps were both very tasty with good dipping sauces. By the time we got our fish tacos, we were too full to eat them- trio of tacos with blackened fish (tialiapia?), on corn tortillas, served with plaintains and coconut cream. 

Save room for dessert- their peanut butter pie is a solid version but the Pina Colada cake is light and fresh and creamy, perfect for these hot summer temperatures! Request Phil or Pasha as your server- both are personable, attentive, and attractive!"
"I usually choose threading over waxing, but when my brows really get gnarly, I head here to see Katya- I like the location set inside the Look Style Society, and the wax studio is quiet and well-decorated. The private rooms, even for basic brow service, are appreciated. Katya herself is super sweet and does a great job with both routine hair removal and full-on shaping!"
"Surprisingly decent boba outside of Chinatown, plus several picks of ice cream, and various snack foods also available. Interior setup is reminiscent of an independent Baskin Robins and staff is friendly.

Thai Tea with boba is one of their featured boba drinks, and a steal at $3. The taro and black sesame flavors, in that order, are my favorites- I prefer the unusual flavors rather than typical takes on chocolate and vanilla, though they do have a killer Nutella.

Bonus points for a 10% off Yelp check-in discount!"
"Taro snow boba, fairly solid. Boba was a bit overcooked but flavor of the taro was prominent instead of watered-down, as it has been elsewhere. Drink sizes, medium and large, are generous and pricing is about average: medium is just under $5.

Store itself has plenty of retro seating and offers a food menu of sandwiches and various fried snacks as well as drinks- iced coffee drinks and free wifi included.

Signage posted for a free size upgrade when posting a review on Yelp- not sure if this is really kosher, should probably be a check-in deal instead of soliciting reviews but whatever. Would come back when in the area, but I'm usually not in this neck of the woods.

Side note: walked up to the counter and a previous customer's wallet and sunglasses were left there. Found it odd that the cashier didn't seem to notice, but it was returned to it's owner who was seated nearby."
"A Hawaiian patient recommended this place to my boyfriend, so I came in when work brought me on a rare trip to this side of town. Posted menu is a bit difficult to read and understand, and the cashier asked if it was my first time- I said yes, and was handed a paper copy but not given any recommendations or info, which I found odd.

Prices seemed a bit higher than other Hawaiian spots in Vegas and  several dishes were listed as ""market price"" which was a turn off in a fast-casual spot with counter service.  Ordered the 808 combo with teriyaki beef, garlic chicken, spam, rice, and saimin, and added on a spam musubi. The garlic chicken was great, and the musubi was decent, but I wasn't thrilled with anything else- the teri beef in particular was small, thin, and tough to eat. 

Order came out fairly fast, and while I waited I noticed a posted special for poke bowls, which probably would have been a better pick for me. Might give this spot another try if I'm in the area again but this place was lacking the aloha spirit and flavors."
"Located near UNLV, seems to be  solid lunch option for students and staff- many other reviews mention the lunch combos, but either they've done away with that or it's not available on weekends, because I arrived to menu of made-to-order entrees. I liked that there were so many vegetarian options, but without my favorite saag paneer available (or tikka masala, for the non-veg options), I chose the special of the day: lamb curry, with the cumin rice, and a samosa.

Service was polite, food was made to order and packed up for takeout, price ($12) was reasonable for the portion size. I asked for a 6 on their spice scale (1-10) and found it quite mild, but the curry sauce was thick and there was ample lamb. Food had a little more grease than I had expected, and I poured some off of the curry rather than ingest it. Samosa was just okay. Quality is better than some of the other student-focused places on this side of the street."
"COMPANY REVIEW: Phone-in system is inefficient and they have a limited number of doctors/appointments available. Unless you luck into a cancellation, expect to wait 2-3 months minimum to see a PC, even if it's just a formality for a referral. Call center staff claim they oversee 52 locations, yet you have that kind of backlog?!

LOCATION REVIEW: A little difficult to find, tucked into a corner of a rundown plaza and not easily visible from the street. Was seen within 10 minutes of my appointment time. Staff are friendly and professional though, especially the medical assistant, Gina. Dr. King was thorough, requiring me to get (what I felt was an unnecessary) EKG when my blood pressure was on the high side (as I informed him it always was). I was in and out within half an hour. If I can't get a convenient appointment time at a closer location, I wouldn't mind coming back here.

UPDATE 04/18- Note this office is now senior focused, no longer accepting other patients"
"If I didn't know any better, I'd think this food court was simply Harrah's twist on the casino buffet. You have different counters for various cuisines, none done especially well but a step better than they need to be. Prices are on par with casino cafes and unfortunately the sushi is grocery-store grade.

Coffee counter offers Lavazza and subpar baked goods, sandwiches and pizza slices can be assembled or heated to order, froyo flavors are predictable, asian station is slightly above your usual food court vendors (healthier option with fresh veggies!), and the aforementioned sushi counter does offer a prepacked sashimi plate. If you're only a little bit hungry, or with a group, this area is probably an economical option to satisfy all cravings.

Interestingly, the food court offerings seem to be careful not to step on the toes of other resident restaurants: this area does not offer any type of burger, instead signage reminds you that Toby Keith's is right upstairs if you simply must have one."
"This area has been desperately in need of a good Mediterranean option, and Shawarma House fills the void- service is really friendly and genuine, menu has lots of options and great, low prices. 

Menu has several specials, like a whole rotisserie chicken meal with pita for under $9. The best option though, is their Sultani Plate, $20 and enough to share, with a little bit of everything on the menu. 

I'm pretty picky about shawarma, and the chicken version here was good but not great- what kicks it up a level is their garlic sauce. It seems to be sour-cream based which is a little unusual, but it packs plenty of garlic flavor! They also offer garlic fries as a side, though I have yet to try them. The kibbeh are solid, and so is the Armenian salad (do the +$2 to add feta)."
"I'm glad i came in to try this spot for HH before making reservations for a nice dinner date. I expected high prices, but the quality doesn't back it up at all. Everything is about $3-4 more than it should be, and other than dessert, nothing impressed.

The Filet Mignon sandwiches from the appetizer menu (regularly 4/$16) have good quality meat but very little of the mustard-mayo and thus little moisture. Ask for Dijon on the side. The Crabcake BLT sliders ($17?) were a hit though, would get them again if we came back. 

The Caesar Salad ($13) is huge, but oddly doesn't come with anchovies unless you specifically ask for them, which we found bizarre. The $15 Baked Five Onion soup was packed with onions, but the broth lacked depth and frankly the portion was worth half the price. Literally every other French onion soup I've had in Vegas (including on the Strip) has been cheaper and better than this one, and usually larger. 

But Morton's Legendary Hot Chocolate Cake ($15)? It's legit legendary, probably the best lava style cake I've ever had- liquid milk chocolate center, lightly floured exterior with raspberries for presentation, served with a scoop of ice cream. Plating this on a long, flat rectangular platter was an odd choice that made it difficult to eat the ice cream. 

The service was okay, but the high prices weren't justified and frankly, blocking off a third of the parking lot for valet when your dining room is mostly empty is a turn off. Maybe they have great steaks, but I don't really care to find out."
"If you walk in and think you're in the wrong place, you're in the right place. Basil Thai Fusion is a kitchen inside of Bailey's Sports Bar. Had I known this, I probably wouldn't have gone. Head to the back, and there's a counter for ordering- seems like most of their business is takeout, but Kim was friendly and accommodated our dining in, and provided attentive service during our visit.

CHICKEN SATAY: Five-skewer appetizer, oddly served with slices of wheat bread? The chicken was juicy, peanut sauce was tasty, and the cucumber salad complemented it well. 
THAI BEEF SALAD: Not my favorite version, a touch spicier than expected. Generous portion for the low price ($8?), but we kind of just picked at this.
MOO GOO GAI PAN: Ordered this with chicken, came with rice. Good mix of veggies and a large portion, but the sauce wasn't the usual light garlic sauce I typically get with this order elsewhere, more of a brown savory sauce? Tasted decent enough, ate it anyway.

The service was attentive and the food portions were large for the price, but this isn't a spot I would go out of my way to revisit. If I lived nearby, I'd probably utilize their takeout counter though."
"This spot was a pleasant surprise! When I'm in this area, I'm usually craving a light vegan meal (at Go Raw) or good bar food (at Lake's Lounge). I was nearby on a day when neither option sounded good, so I gave King & I a try.

KING & I STUFFED CHICKEN WINGS: A familiar dish done really well, wings stuffed with pork and glass noodles. Not too greasy, four piece order for $8. 
DUCK NOODLE SOUP: Duck plus noodles, in a savory brown soup with cilantro and bean sprouts. The best and worst part was the broth, which was extremely rich and flavorful, but entirely too greasy to enjoy the entire portion. 
KING & I FRIED RICE: Fried rice with the usual mix of meats (shrimp, chicken, bbq pork) and the addition of pineapple and cashews. The last two ingredients made me hesitant to order this, but they made the dish! The nuts added a nice texture and the citrus helped cut the excess oil. Menu describes this as spicy and I didn't detect any heat at all, added in an entire cup of chili oil and it was just right.

It's small, and nicely decorated- definitely a neighborhood kind of spot, I really enjoy the ambiance. Opted for a large takeout order, flavors were good and prices were fair.  Unfortunately, the excessive oil/grease used in a few of our dishes turns me off to coming here  frequently, but it's a solid option for rice and noodle dishes."
"Conveniently located a door down from a taco place, this Mexican dessert store has all variety of Mexican sweets, candies, and paletas, as well as Blue Bell ice cream, hand-scooped for your pleasure. Decent selection and flavors. Smiling employees.

The store itself is mostly an empty room lined with freezers like a convenience store- left hand side has the fruit paletas then the Blue Bell, counter with the traditional dulces straight ahead, and freezer to the right with ice-cream-man style frozen treats and the oddball paleta flavors. No seating available.

Came in seeking something unique. Found it in the oddball paletas section: tamarind!
Sweet but not cloying, 80 calories for the entire thing, and frozen rock-hard: I'm pretty sure their freezers are set at way too low a temperature, because I nearly a chipped a tooth on my treat and had to set it out on the counter for 10 minutes before I could gnaw off a shard to try.

For a cash only business, you should probably have quarters. My $1.75 total got me a pained stare when I paid with two dollar bills, and my change consisted of a fifty-cent piece and some nickels. Seriously?   

Side note: also watch out for the guy in the parking lot with a bottle of Windex. He'll spray down your vehicle while you're inside, unprompted, then expect payment afterward."
"ZERO STARS BECAUSE THERE WERE NO HORSES!!11!!

Kidding. There weren't any horses, and I was disappointed, but that's not why this place doesn't rock. Facilities are limited (one bathroom, two stalls, one of which was out of order) and the loop path has limited or nonexistent signage- it's easy to get lost or wander around in circles if you're not familiar with the layout.

On the plus side, it's clean with plenty of parking, and has two dog park areas. The loop trail has a few bike repair stops along the way, and some great views. Definitely take some sunblock though, because there is no shade whatsoever."
"A restaurant specializing in pasta dishes named after classic rock songs? Sign me up!

Went in and placed an order to go, wait was fairly reasonable considering I was right behind another couple that had walked in. Staff was polite, restaurant was clean, treats in dessert case looked appetizing.

Ordered the Sweet Home Alabama and the Slide meatball sliders- sliders were solidly average, but I appreciated how they were packed with an additional cup of marinara for dipping. Pasta dish was a good-sized portion with delicious gouda sauce, 7 pieces of barbeque popcorn chicken (a little dry inside), and some red onions. Initially I was a bit apprehensive about this dish, but it really worked. Even the slight dryness of the poultry was easily overlooked by the sauciness of the pasta.
Very pleased with my order.

Final note: take out orders are packed in the brown cardboard boxes, which is a lot nicer and more environmentally friendly than styrofoam. Portions for the pasta are large, saved half my order and the extra slider for tomorrow's lunch. With tip, total was under $20."
"Aussie burgers, Aussie ribs, Aussie beer, oi! oi! oi!  The lamb ribs are frickin' delicious and my juicy burger was, too. Some kinks to work out as a new business, but I'll be back to try more menu items soon, no doubt about it.

FOOD: Menu is burgers and ribs. Duh. The aforementioned lamb ribs are what they recommend most, and with damn good reason. They're flavorful, they're juicy, they taste great. The Old Skool burger (American, mustard, pickles, onion, BBQ, and aioli) is classic, juicy perfection. Meats are really good quality, cooked just right. 

BEVERAGES: Wine, beer, ""craft bottled sodas"" and Fiji water available only. We were told tap water wasn't available yet the table next to us was offered some after they finished their beers. Other tables had a (probably lower-priced) generic water bottle yet we weren't offered other options than the small, room-temperature Fiji. Not really a fan of the inconsistency, just let me have iced water. Snag a can of Fosters to keep the Aussie spirit flowing.

SERVICE: Mostly friendly staff, management welcoming folks at the door, that's what I like to see! Line at door was backed up, moved slowly. Guy at register was easily distracted and took several minutes to take our simple order. Food took 40+ minutes to come out, I won't count this against them unless it's still that backed up when I return in a month. Expediting and streamlining the kitchen takes time with a new business, I get that.

PRICING: For the few other reviews whining about pricing, ribs are not budget food in the first place. The $18 rack of lamb was priced just right, IMO. Burger was under $10 but some went up to about $14. Still not outlandish, our dinner was right over $30. Considering the other options in this area AND the quality, they're not overpriced.

Trying the lamb burger and the beef ribs on our next visit, hoping for a seat on the patio while the weather is still nice. The rustic-farmhouse décor is modern and clean, old school kitchen sink in the middle of the dining room is quirky and functional."
"The sudden surge of burger photos on IG put this spot on my radar. I am rarely in Henderson, but popped in as soon as an opportunity presented itself. The check-in offer for free fries was a cool perk!

A friend and I shared the Bleu Burger (shallot-port syrup and bacon mayo) and the 3AM (sunny side egg, peppered bacon, carmelized onion, hollandaise), and added on the truffle fries and potato skins with the check-in offer. The Bleu burger was awesome in that they totally deliver on the cheese, but I couldn't really taste the bacon-mayo. The 3AM burger wasn't really my thing, and neither of us finished our portion. Both burgers were overcooked to well-done but we felt it wasn't worth the hassle to ask them to remake them, but it did make a negative impact. I will say that the truffle fries were amazing, and I really liked the house-made ketchups. The potato skins were received after the rest of our order, but weren't bad.

Service was polite. The layout is a little odd with a walk-up counter but table service, and very little in the way of decor. I do like that they have organic beef available and that they source their buns from a local bakery.  Eyeing the Au Poivre or the patty melt for another visit."
"This place is amazing. I've been gifted their bath bombs and other products over the years, but avoided visiting myself because they are pricey and I dislike malls. But when I snagged a parking spot right in front of this store, I had to pop in. It was everything I expected and more!

Bright colors, natural ingredients, plenty of staff, and various demos going on all over the place. Staffers are knowledgeable and friendly, and the products are made with all-natural ingredients, by hand, so the pricing is justified by quality ingredients.  I mostly stick to the bath products, so I can't really speak to the other lines they offer, but the bath bombs are awesome- especially the rose-scented or cocoa-butter-infused varieties. Any product here makes a great gift."
"Solid local costume store- open year round and a definite step up from those run-down Spirit stores that pop up all over town this time of year. Costumes, decor, accessories, and more found here for anything from a theme party to a class project and whatever charity 5K is happening this weekend.

Costumes and accessories for guys and girls from baby to adult, in a huge variety of styles: cartoon characters, historical figures, opaque body suits, bloody/gory, and the obligatory skimpy-with-animal-ears stuff for skankin' it up.

There are quite a few high-dollar ""realistic"" display pieces in the four-digit-price-tag range in a separate room with do not touch/no pictures signs, along with signs to accompany your kids within the store.  Fitting rooms are nice, store is clean and organized, and there's even a store mascot- find the black cat when you stop by!"
"The crew that opened SOHO now has this place: sushi, in burritos, with mexican influences. I dig it! Sushi burritos on their own aren't new, the Jogasaki truck from LA rolls into town whenever we have food festivals and Sushirrito is a hit in SF, but I'm glad to see we finally have an option here- especially from a place that does it fresh, fast, and friendly.

Walk up and order, Chipotle-style. Customize your creation in a wrap (soy paper, seaweed, or tortilla) or bowl, with raw fish or simply chicken/beef options. Tortilla or taro chips, edamame, and mochi are also options.

The ROCKPORT is my favorite so far- soft shell crab, spicy tuna, surimi crab, jalapeno, tobiko, cucumer, red onion, chipotle mayo, and sweet anguilla sauce. Every ingredient harmonizes, would maybe add avocado or guac but it's pretty perfect as-is.
The MISSION (salmon, sushi ebi, cream cheese, pico de gallo, tortilla strips, romaine, yuzu guac, and tomatillo shiso sauce) channels some south-of-the-border flavor but seemed to be missing something- maybe add a spicy element like sriracha or jalapenos to perk it up a bit.
The REDONDO was runner up- packed with ingredients I love but somehow not the explosion of flavors my tastebuds had anticipated.
TARO CHIPS: rather heavily seasoned with furikake (and some other stuff?), these were sweeter than expected and served with a cup of toxic-orange gas-station nacho cheese. The sweet-savory combination oddly worked, but I can't say I'd get it again. 

Service is super friendly. Vibe is crazy-positive. They're still in their soft-opening phase and busy as hell. This location is way more convenient to me than SOHO, so I'll probably pop by pretty often. Average price per signature 'rrito is ~$11, and they are filling. 

NOTE: The prices posted on the walk-up menu are a buck or two less than on their takeout menu. Is it foolish to be crossing my fingers that they don't go up?"
"The actual sit-down restaurant is every bit as divey as the Rum Runner bar it's attached to- but in the best old-school way. Service is more on par with a diner, with friendly older ladies who exceed your expectations and call you variations of ""honey"" and ""sweetie"" every time they come by to check on you.

Food is delicious and affordable:
$4 app of beer-battered brats with spicy mustard is A+
Wings can be ordered in increments of 6, but only one sauce for 6 and 12 piece orders- if you want multiple flavors, just order multiple 6-pieces. Both ranch and bleu cheese dressing available, sauce variety has about ten types from mild to hot, extra spicy, lime, garlic, and blackened- their specialty.
The burgers though, are probably a highlight: just under $6 to build your own with the basics, adding on a few charges for add-ons like guac, grilled mushrooms, and jalapenos. Grilled and fresh onions are both free, found it odd that tomatoes were a fifty-cent charge.

Good food, good service. They could have a stand-alone place with this kind of quality, but seem to have a good setup with the RumRunner!"
"+1 Insanely long list of flavors, there's something for everyone
+1 Massive portion sizes, even the small was too much for me!
+1 Option to add in vanilla Bluebell ice cream, tastes like home
+1 Yelp check in offer AND Yelp Deal available, $5 for $10


I'd heard the rumors about how awesome Bahama Bucks is when I lived in Texas, but never made it out to Lubbock. Never knew there was a location here in Vegas until a friend checked in! The product is awesome, prices are good, and the service is friendly.

Great place to hit up during the ungodly-hot days of summer, wish it were a bit closer to me but it's clear across town. The paper umbrellas and color-changing spoons are a nice touch. They also have a freezer of pints to purchase and take home."
"Simple Vietnamese fare and beautiful pastries, both well-executed and served with a smile here at So Good Café! Location is clean and modern with super-sweet staff. 

BO BUN HUE: Spicy beef noodle soup was both spicy and noodley, broth didn't quite have the depth as elsewhere but the noodles themselves were noticeably fresh and beef was tender. Takeout order came with ample fresh veggies.
SPECIAL DAC BIET BAHN MI: Classic sando, done just right. With the other baked goods on the menu, I had hoped the bread would be extra special here but it's fairly standard, but also fresh.
PATE CHAUD: Okay, hold up. The pastry was beautiful, filling was generous and flavorful, and price was right at under $2.
VIETNAMESE COFFEE: Made to your preferred strength and sweetness, consider asking for light ice. Goes great with anything in the pastry case.

For the most part, you can't go wrong... which is good, because if you're anything like me, you'll be immediately entranced by the pastries on display and mess up your own order. Luckily the ladies behind the counter are on top of it all. Can't wait to come back for more coffee and treats!"
"This spot wasn't even on my radar til it was featured on Groupon! My guy goes to Palace Station for the sports book, but I rarely venture in myself. This spot was a lot better than expected and is a big upgrade from the previous forgettable restaurant!

MEATBALL APP: Get it, they're just as good as sibling Pizza Rock's version. 3/$5 is enough to share, they're huge and swimming in a great sauce. Save it for dipping your pizza crusts.
HOT HOUSE MADE CALABRESE SAUSAGE: I almost didn't get this after reading the menu description that said it was sauteed in local honey, but I'm glad my guy suggested it. Spicy sausage meets sweet sauce, surprisingly balanced with good but not overwhelming heat.
CAPRESE HOUSE SPECIAL SALAD: The small is still big enough to share, but I found this salad overdressed and underwhelming. The mozz was good, but there were barely any peppers or olives. All of the produce was super fresh though.
THE STATION PIZZA: Classic meat-heavy pizza with pepperoni, salami, linguica, bacon, bell pepper, olives, tomatoes, and two types of onions. Overflowing with toppings, you can share a 9"" small and still be satisfied. My guy and I both agreed we'd get this again.
CAL ITALIA: One of their featured award-winning pies, with four cheeses, sweet fig preserves, prosciutto, and balsamic drizzle. I've had similar pies and enjoyed them, but the balsamic almost overwhelmed this version. Still good, but not great.
SAUTEED SPINACH: Where can you find shareable sides for only $3 these days?! This order was a huge heap of spinach, lightly seasoned and an awesome addition to our otherwise heavy dishes. 
CARAMEL BREAD PUDDING: I'm not much of a bread pudding fan, but it was my guy's choice and it was actually pretty good. Served in a cute skillet, caramel flavors are only hints rather than a punch in the mouth, good for sharing.

Service was attentive and friendly throughout, wish I'd caught the guy's name because I'd request him again. Seat yourself, snag a cushy booth if you can. Note that they have lunch specials and HH specials to take advantage of, as well as the occasional deal up on Groupon."
"Every casino has a basic 24-hour diner. This is Red Rock's. Menu spans all-day bfast, salads, sandwiches and burgers (including an $8 classic), and dinner entrees- prime rib available daily, 4PM-11PM. Service is good (particularly at the bar), and they have a massive fresh dessert case. I tend to stick to the salads, omelets, and lighter entrees- the fish tacos in particular are surprisingly tasty, even if they're plated on a sea of tortilla chips. The meatloaf is also pretty good.

TIP: Sign up for the players card and check your mail for monthly $10 off $20 coupons."
"If I'm going to a local casino buffet on the West side, I'll pick this one over Red Rock's Feast. No joke, even though the line is shorter but takes just as long because everyone moves in slow motion here, the food selection is smaller but I feel like the quality is higher.

Got here at 6PM on Thursday, the NY Deli theme night, and spent $20 for two using a BOGO coupon and the cardholder's discount. We were able to move to the register pretty quick, but after that it was a good 15 minutes til we were actually seated at a table.

Bonus stars for being able to order the old fashioned Dr. Brown's old fashioned sodas- BF inhaled the black cherry and the cream soda flavors!

NY Deli theme night includes options like lox and capers (though no bagels to put it on, which was odd given the amount of cream cheese they had nearby), pastrami and corned beef (surprisingly NOT good considering they were highlighted), matzo ball soup (better than expected!), cabbage rolls and laktkas. 
Other tasty options included the short ribs, Asian chicken wings and bbq ribs, Greek salad with tons of feta cheese, and fairly decent prime rib- considering their Friday special advertises it as a featured entrée, I didn't expect to see it on other nights.

Like I said, service was slow to get seated, but the food was better quality than I'm used to getting at a buffet- you won't have a mile of different food options, but here they do seem like the focus on doing less dishes to a higher standard rather than putting out a bunch of mediocre dishes just to have ""variety"".
Would come back for the Brazilian theme night, NY deli just isn't really my thing."
"I left H2O's BOGO grand opening with mixed feelings. The location is nicely decorated and modern, the prices are reasonable, the plating is nice, and the service was attentive and personable. But the AYCE menu is limited in some ways that other similarly-priced spots are not (few nigiri options, no dessert). To balance that out, they're one of the only places to offer carpaccio dishes. I found myself preferring their rolls because the fish itself didn't seem to have much flavor on it's own. This took a while to notice because each round we ordered took around 45 minutes to hit the table, other than appetizers, which came out quickly. 

They manage the basics well (the tako and shrimp were better than average), and I like that they make the effort to utilize garnishes that both add flavor and make the dishes visually appealing. But the fish quality itself could be a bit better, or more consistent. The timing issues we experienced I will chalk up to kitchen kinks that will get worked out with time, though I will note that their dining room was half empty when we experienced delays. I'm willing to give this place another try. 

First world problems: like their sister poke spot, there is poor lighting at most tables. Ask for the spot on the back left corner under the LED wall if that matters to you."
"I love when local businesses are able to set up shop in the airport and get their brand and product exposed to a wider audience. Cartel Coffee Lab roasts their own beans and sources from around the world. Their menu is fairly basic, if you want frou-frou drinks, they have flavored syrups on hand, but you'll have to ask for them. Their cold brew is out of this world, one of the smoothest I've tasted and hella strong. 

I guess you have to get here early for their pastries, because at 9AM they were either all out for the day or they somehow weren't out yet. There's a small seating area to drink your beverage and charge your device. 

The only downside? They only do espresso drinks in ceramic cups for ""dine-in"" service at the bar. I was in a rush, so that wasn't an option. But if you find yourself at PDX with time to spare, spend it here."
"Torn between three and four stars: I wanted to be a fan, and I like the extensive menu of healthy options, but the actual execution and service are just A-OK. Come here to get specialized meals to meet your macros, whether you're going protein-heavy, low-carb, packing in the veggies, or all of the above, all in a modern, lounge-style setting. 

The SHRDD Salad (lots of quinoa, chicken, eggs, and veggies) and Skinny Bitch Bowl (with salmon, quinoa, veggies, and a cilantro sauce, a little basic) are some go-to items for me, often purchased in advance for weekday lunches and very filling. One of these days I'll try their protein pancakes.

I do appreciate that they have a ton of condiments (hot sauces, liquid aminos, etc) to dial up the spice or flavor in your dish."
"Streetcar Poboys is back in business! And I finally get the hype. Get the namesake Streetcar Poboy, packed with fried catfish, oysters, and shrimp- all carefully and thoroughly breaded in light cornmeal, and fried crisp. They also have versions with boudin, sausage, and just shrimp or catfish. 

Sides include Cajun chips, Cajun fries, fried okra, fried pickles, or fried mac and cheese- notice a theme?! Almost everything is fried here, as is true in Louisiana proper. Round out your meal with a massive order of beignets blanketed in powdered sugar. 

Service was friendly, things still seem to be run by a large family. I definitely prefer this new location to their old one, and not just because it's closer to home. Spot is clean and nicely decorated, in a safer and better-trafficked part of town."
"Super bummed to see that Wing King is gone- their vast variety of sauces were a huge part of their appeal, along with their service.If you're going to take over the same space as a successful business and offer up the same type of food, you best be sure you can provide a product that is as good as the place you are replacing. This new place is not on the same level.
 
Menu combos require wing orders to be over 10 pieces for more than one sauce- which is frustrating as the WK menu of 50 sauces is cut down to a max of 15 here in the first place.  Grand opening special (10 wings, fries, drink; $12) offers up to two sauces... but I was told they'd be limiting to 1 sauce in the future. Bad choice, management- this will lose you WK's former fans.

Of the garlic-parm and cajun wings, the former seemed to be a close match to the recipe used by Wing King but with less cheese while the latter was more of a rub (please note this on the menu). Bleu cheese dipping sauce was disgusting, couldn't tell if it was spoiled but color was off, consistency was watery, and flavor wasn't right."
"Solid for shawarma. Staff can be a little brusque, but it's the only place out of the Bay area to get a good stuffed pita that isn't an Americanized wrap or made with store-bought bread. Ask for it with everything, but beware it includes spicy sauce that overpowers at times. 

As stated in Sheila's review, the chicken itself is a bit of a mystery- can't tell if it's dark meat or white meat, it's flavorful but a bit on the odd side and I can't place my finger on why. 

If shawarma ain't your thing, menu includes a lot of options, including falafel, schnitzel, and $3 AYCE salads, as well as plates."
"Heads up: HH is only Mon-Fri, even though their website advertises it as daily. Staff is aware of this, yet no one has bothered to update the site in (their estimate) 2 years?!

The Yelp Book Club timed our visit for HH, so being rudely informed that it didn't exist wasn't the best start to our visit. Our server came by twice in 45 minutes and drinks took 20 minutes to come out. We had to go to the bar to place an order- and we were the only table. With such aggressively unhelpful service, the food did not make up for our experience.

POUTINE: This spot goes the extra mile to bread and fry the cheese curds. So the dish is basically cheese fries with cheese sticks, with some underwhelming Guiness gravy. Fries were unseasoned, gravy was lackluster, dish went unfinished split among three people.
SOUP OF THE DAY: $5 for their daily bowl, which was chicken curry. It was mostly rice and had no spice, as though this were Campbell's interpretation of a curry. Not thrilled.
SCOTCH EGG: Sausage was eerily reminiscent of a breakfast sausage, but the mustard aioli on the plate kicked things up a level. This is sided with a heap of spring greens they call a salad, but nothing else. Odd.
STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING: Spiced and sauced bundt cake, with a bit of whipped cream. This version does not come close to comparing to any others in town. Go elsewhere for your fix. Another unfinished dish for us.

Dismal food and shitty service make for a large empty bar in the middle of the weekend, despite large screens showing multiple sports games. I wouldn't recommend this spot and I won't be back. Crown & Anchor has friendly service, a similar menu, and better quality."
"Went in yesterday to get my hardware for wifi set up. Per my apartment manager, all I needed was a CAT5 and a router. I'm not a computer expert, so I decided to wait in line for an employee to double check my purchases prior to leaving.

This is one of the only times I've had to find and wait for an employees  attention at this chain rather than be asked if I needed assistance while wandering the department. Very unusual. Even walking through other area of the store, I walked past countless employees and was never addressed.

Computer dept staff tried to upsell me on a $200 modem/router combo, despite my clear explanation that I literally have a one bedroom unit with less than three devices and don't even need a modem in the first place.

Seemed disgruntled when I declined and opted for the $50 wifi router that perfectly met my needs instead.

When checking out, staff chatted with one another casually about their ""stupid manager"" and only addressed me to ask if I wanted to Purchase insurance/warranty and if I had a Rewards Zone card.

Unimpressed with the blue shirts for the first time. Won't return to this location."
"It took several months, but I finally popped in for HH  as suggested by the management response to my original review. The Red Rock parking lot was packed but here we were only one of two tables, which should have been enough of a clue. Frankly, I should have just stuck with the original visit. Went in with a few coworkers and no one was impressed. 

Food was just lackluster. HH tacos are $3, with a few additional options for $4. They're small and for the most part, bland. The much-hyped carnitas were missing any sort of wow factor, while the swordfish contained a decent portion but no discernible seasonings. The nachos ($7, + $3.5 to add shrimp) were covered in various sauces but had no spice whatsoever, and the shrimp were small and cold. Plantains were just fine, but heads up that gluten-free folks should steer clear of the dipping sauce.

Service was embarrassingly slow. I don't know if our server was new (didn't seem to be) or just generally scatterbrained, but she seemed to frequently forget that she had a table. We had to ask a busser to let her know we were ready to order, then when we had a question about whether a dish contained gluten, she disappeared for 15 minutes. We actually got an answer from another employee before she came back (and still didn't have an answer). I don't mind how the dishes come out as they're ready, but when three people order several tacos that aren't separated into individual plates or orders, it gets unnecessarily complicated for both the food runners (who are clueless as to who ordered what) and the diners (who then have to touch one another's finger-food)."
"I usually come here before or after the gym- their breakfast/lunch menu is larger than expected and they also have coffee and smoothies. Every time, I see several people ordering the quiche but I have yet to try it. 

The breakfast burrito with turkey was decent, and I like how they finished in a panini press to get the exterior crispy. Lattes are consistently good and served warm but not piping hot, so I don't have to wait in order to start enjoying them. I've tried their soup of the day and a smoothie and was less than impressed with those items.

 Indoor seating is a bit limited, with a nice but awkward couch and fireplace area in the corner. They also have some tables outside if the weather is nice, but only a few are covered. Service is friendly, but I've received the wrong order twice now so double check before you go."
"Is this place under new management or something? Popped in last night and the food and service both seriously took a nosedive. 

I ordered a salad and their falafel sticks, got home and realized my salad didn't come with a side of tzatziki or dressing as expected- called about it and got heaps of attitude and defensive comments starting with, ""well if you read the menu you'd know"". Excuse me?! For the record, the salad is simply listed as ""shawarma salad"", and says nothing about the dressing, but if you can ask me if I want to pay extra for feta or olives (which arguably should be included in a $10 salad), you can ask about the dressing, too. 

Salad was small with a sparse layer of lettuce and some dry chicken and not much flavor. Maybe it was an off day, but I'll probably think of Gyro Time or Baladie before returning here. Night and day difference from my last couple visits, hope it's not a new trend."
"We keep spending most our lives living in a hipsters' paradise, here in downtown Las Vegas. With shops like Coterie popping up on Fremont and a bunch of overpriced thrift stores in the arts district, the fashionably hip of LV have it made. 

Coterie has a cool storefront fashioned from a former convenience store with a glass face and a marquee, eclectic music playing overhead as you browse. Inside is stylish staff and unique clothing, a wall of visitors' dry-erase scribbles, and a small selection of gifts. I especially like their found-object and natural stone jewelry, but they also rock a large menswear section toward the back.

I don't know that Id call this the best shop in Vegas, but it's certainly a fun place to browse with a few extra bills in your pocket- dot sales mark discounted items, but regular prices are a bit on the high side. Worth a stop if you're in the area."
"Typical lobby coffee bar, except this is entirely a one-woman show. Somehow the marvelous barista took and made orders at a decent speed, with a smile on her face. No small feat!

In addition to iced and hot coffee beverages, there's also a large pastry case with breakfast and lunch options, including sandwiches, berries, salads, and such. Probably one of the few quick-grab spots in this casino, and it was good to see that they offer a few healthy options.

NOTE: This isn't a spot to linger, they only have three highboy tables. You're better off grabbing to go."
"This location is just inside of the Albertsons- the entrance on the far right will get you there fastest. Four windows, well-staffed with courteous tellers (Alejandro in particular always has a smile), able to help me with a car payment issue without hassle.
Location is tiny but fully functional. Noteworthy that they have staff available for both regular banking appointments you'd find at stand-alone locations, not just tellers."
"I drive past this place constantly but never really hear about it- good or bad. Finally stopped in for takeout and was impressed with the quality and selection of dishes. Cafeteria-style ready-made dishes available as well as a large menu for fresh-made food, takeout is their specialty but they do have a few tables to dine-in as well.

SALT AND PEPPER PORK CHOP: Gigantic portion, flavorful and good quality cuts of pork. Wish there were a bit more peppers and onions for added flavor.
SINGAPORE NOODLE: This is more or less a combination pan fried noodle dish with veggies, chicken, bbq pork, and shrimp, along with tons of veggies and noodles. Portion size can easily feed two.
BOKCHOY AND BLACK MUSHROOM: Simple but good, generous portion.
BEEF & PORK SHUMAI: Better than expected, and much larger than other versions elsewhere at dim sum specialty places. Bit less flavorful than expected but still better quality than most would associate with the location appearance.

Most dishes are a flat $9, their ready-made combination meals are also really affordable. Service is polite and prompt, if the order takes a bit longer than expected they may tuck in a few Hong Kong donuts in your order gratis."
"These days, every froyo place is alike- walk in, pick your flavor, fill your bowl, add toppings, pay, and enjoy.

This location was pretty packed at 9PM, mostly with moms and kids (why so late, I have no idea). The line was epically long, backed up by (you guessed it!) moms and kids carefully picking their condiments. Turns out it was a large group, and the line was being held up so they could all pay together- each kid with an individual bowl.

I was annoyed before I even picked up my bowl, but by the time I finally got through the line and paid, my yogurt was half melted.  I'm a little annoyed that the employees present didn't do anything to expedite the line or to take care of waiting patrons while the group took their sweet time.

Pistachio flavor was surprisingly good, carrot cake was light on flavor, and coffee tasted a bit off- more color than flavor. Fresh fruit toppings were well stocked, and I always appreciate being able to add mochi."
"""Well, now we know why it was totally empty,"" my boyfriend said as we walked to our car after dinner here. We went in because I caught sight of it out of the corner of my eye while driving by and hadn't heard of it. That should have been a warning sign but instead I took it as an opportunity. Unfortunately, this spot was very disappointing: overpriced and subpar.

Interior is well decorated and the high ceilings are nice, unexpectedly nice considering the strip-mall exterior. Menu prices are a bit high with most dishes ~$20. This would be okay if portions were larger or if rice was included, as at most Indian restaurants. 

We ordered the goat curry, saag paneer, and garlic naan- all dishes we love and get regularly. The goat was among the toughest I've ever had, the paneer was flavorless, and even the naan was rather lacking. Dishes were brought out in small bowls without rice, which was not offered or mentioned in any way to indicate that it was not included, and had to be requested. Our bill was about $50 for mediocrity, but they do offer a 10% off Yelp check-in discount."
"New place in Chinatown with lots of potential: given how many Hispanic chefs we have working in sushi restaurants, Asian-Mexican fusion was bound to happen. KoMex does similar stuff, but this place managed to be different.

Menu includes tacos: I tried the ""I'm Going Back to Kalbi"" ($4.50)  and was a bit underwhelmed. Portion was wrapped in one corn tortilla that promptly fell apart on the first bite and flavors were one-note. Interested in trying their chicken teriyaki and tofu tacos on another visit.

There are also bowls on the menu, some hand rolls (the Cali was large and only $3) as well as a handful of sides. Tried the miso soup (simple with lots of green onion), the seaweed salad (classic), and the poke (just a bit spicy, really enjoyed this- $4). 

Location is around the corner from a major plaza and has limited parking out front with signage not to park on the side/back of the building. Interior is rather plain but service is friendly. I was told they're not officially open yet, but their sign was on and I went in and was able to place an order. Hope they're working out the kinks with the tortillas before an official grand opening!"
"The 411: Desi Burrito is a colorful food truck across the street from the Atomic Museum, where the owners of Mint Indian Bistro are serving up fast food with a slight fusion twist. 

The Food: Menu features burrito style wraps (your choice of flour or wheat), bowls, apps, and desserts. Masala fries and samosas were as expected, small size (and price!) makes them good add-ons to your meal. Lamb stir fry wrap had a mild heat to it and was nicely saucy. My guy and I disagreed about the chili chicken bowl- he felt the cheese and lettuce didn't really work, I appreciated that a lot of grilled veggies were included.

The Service: Polite and prompt. Used the online ordering system and an item was accidentally missing (double check your order before you go!), staff were nice about making it fresh and fast. 

EXTRA INFO: There is a drive thru and online ordering available for convenience, and they even have breakfast!  They have unique customization options like brown or white rice, both available in lemon and masala flavors. Like most Indian restaurants, Desi Burrito has tofu options, so bring your vegetarian friends!

EDIT: Dropping a star. Second online order was wrong, too. It's not that hard to double-check before you bag it up, you can even look it up. Also, despite ordering spicy, nothing here ever seems to have any spice. Pretty basic as far as fusion goes."
"Fresh Kosher food, close to the Strip. I usually end up ranting about how overpriced most Kosher places in Vegas are, but this one is appropriately priced for specialty cuisine without taking advantage of the niche market.

Favorite thing here so far is the burekas- I get the cheese but potato and pizza flavors are also available. They have pizzas, soups, and salads, along with more specialty items like sambusak, ceviche, shakshuka, and khachapuri. 

Location is kind of in a run-down and sketchy area, interior is pretty plain and service is average. Come here for takeout."
"Attended the Sushi 101 class 8/28- class description stated we would learn to make sushi rice, a California roll, a spicy tuna roll, and a vegetable hand roll, and would conclude with a generous tasting. The price of the class was $80 and lasted a little over an hour and a half (if you subtract out the time we were told to spend browsing the store over the break as the staff ""cleaned up"").

While the class fulfilled the goals indicated, time was not used responsibly and there weren't sufficient materials- for a class of 11, we were given three avocados, a few sad sticks of green onion, two cucumbers, and three carrots to practice chopping. This evens out to about one vegetable per person, so we spent a lot of time watching each other. One package of surimi and ~10oz of tuna was provided for the entire class, which made for extremely small, light rolls. I doubt that over $50 was spent on materials. 

The instructor was polite and I like that he modeled and verbally explained the steps as we worked, but the class could have used another activity or two to fill the allotted time, as well as considerably more fish to work with. As others have said, this class does not include any sort of items to take home- aside from a packet of recipes printed from the internet and a 10% off store coupon only valid the day of the class, which is a bit of an insult."
"Went here this evening for dinner with friends and found that options at the buffet were very hit or miss. Considering the reputation, I expected better. Pricing is good though, and there are 2 for 1 deals out there- three of us dined for $30 and change.

There was a good wait for a Sunday night at 5:30PM but the line went relatively quick.
Was disappointed to see that the sushi selection was very small and consisted of cucumber and California rolls-- and when the meager amount was depleted, we were informed they were out for the day. At 6:15PM. Seriously?

Didn't have as many options as RedRock, which others have compared this buffet to.
The Chinese/stir fry options were good- HUGE shrimp, for one. Lots of Mexican options but they were rather poorly done. Carving station had roastbeef but it was tough and difficult to cut with the provided butter knife.
Dessert options were very odd- froyo and gelato available and several fresh-looking cakes/pies, but the cookies were clearly store-bought and did not look appealing at all. Fresh-baked cookies are my kryptonite, and I was super bummed to see this. 

The majority of what I ate was peel and eat shrimp- it's at the Farmers Market salad bar area, FYI. Also, if you go to the tomato-mozzarella salad and just pick out all the mozzarella balls, there is a special place in hell reserved just for you. Don't do it!"
"You can throw a rock and hit a supplement store in this town, but most of them don't have the great pricing and selection as VDN! I'm that person, whipping out my cell phone and price checking everything, and it's actually pretty rare to find anything cheaper even on Amazon.

Selection is pretty thorough- from liquid aminos and PB2 powder in the food area, ample pre-workout and BCAAs and natural vitamins and a whole back wall of refrigerators I haven't even looked at yet. Staff are cool about checking in on you or letting you know where to find something.

Bonus points for having a clearance section (front right corner by the meal prep bags) and offering a sample station to try featured products and flavors to help in the decision-making process. Other reviews indicate that they give out free samples at checkout, but so far I haven't seen any- maybe they discontinued this practice?"
"Quiet little spot for a quick caffeine boost and a snack! Located right inside the Flamingo from the wildlife enclosure (next to Carlos and Charlies) or, from the inside, right down from the Front Desk, is this little coffee and dessert counter.

Stopped here after a show at the Quad earlier this week, grabbing a black and white mocha (perfectly foamy and just the right bit of sweet) and a cupcake- which was huge! They had three to pick from, individually wrapped. I opted for strawberry and it was dense and sweet but a bit too large and sweet for me. Other current options included Oreo and German Chocolate.

In addition to cupcakes, the counter has several pastries and sweets, as well as light lunch options like salads and sandwiches. The coffee and tea menu is fairly diverse, and if you're looking for something alcoholic, there's another spot across the way for that.

Seating is a little limited but adequate- not sure it's a place that gets too busy, more of a grab and go option, but being right off of the flamingo enclosure area, it's good for people-watching too. Service friendly and quick."
"Heard about this awesome service through Rosemarie Y., a Yelper who used to live in LV. I was on the Talk boards trying to figure out when to get a NV ID for local discounts, when she turned me on to the site and said it was totally, completely, 100% worth it- she had it throughout her 3 years living here.

So naturallly, I browsed the site and paid for the two month membership to try it out.
And my BF and I already went to one comedy-magician show this weekend, and I've made reservations for another this coming weekend. 

Even if you're new to LV and don't know jack about shows, the site provides a summary of what it's about to see if it's something you're interested in. You'll quickly notice that certain shows pop up frequently, and others come up more rarely but the allotted tickets get scooped up fast- which hints at which shows are in demand.

Loving it so far, will update if my experience changes- so far it's great, and I anticipate that I'll be extending as long as I'm working in LV."
"First off, this ramen place is in a favorite plaza of mine known for amazing food: Trattoria Nakamura-ya, Snowflake Shavery, Zen? I have had this place on my bookmarks for a while.

Stopped in today for a solo lunch- was seated quick as there was a spare spot open at the bar, but when I first went in there was a wait list. Yes, at 3PM on a Saturday. Plan ahead if you're going with a group!

Service was great- two super-sweet ladies were attentive and friendly throughout my visit. Placed my order for the tonkotsu-shoyu ramen, added the egg, nori, and shredded green onion. Initially I was put off by having to add on my favorite ingredients separately, but the silver lining to doing so was that I was able to meet the $10 credit card minimum without buying a separate appetizer.

While waiting for my bowl, I was entertained watching the guys in the kitchen making endless batches of noodles. Got my order fairly quick as the restaurant started emptying out a bit.

My first reaction was one of happy surprise: the steep $1.50 fee for green onion got me a shredded nest of it atop my bowl, an unexpectedly gigantic amount that found itself in every bite I took. In a good way! Found the noodles to be thinner than I prefer but cooked to a perfect al dente. Shredded the nori into small pieces to distribute throughout my bites. The broth lacked the depth that I've had elsewhere, but I was pleasantly surprised to use the brown garlic oil on the table and get a robust improvement in the flavor. Potential new favorite condiment alert!
Sad to note that the chashu was somehow lost among the kicked-up broth and sea of shredded onion. What is usually a highlight of my ramen experience was just mediocre here, the cut I had was not fatty nor was it particularly flavorful either.

I will likely be back because service was great and there are other varieties to try on the menu, but I was slightly underwhelmed by the bowl I got today. Location is everything though, and this noodle house is conveniently located and will likely result in repeat visits."
"Great experience here, as usual. I'm a huge fan of the company and love their emphasis on employee efficiency and appreciation. This location is no exception.

Went on a Sunday afternoon and as expected, it was crowded- outside parking looked like it would be a hassle but someone backed out right in front of us and we got to take their spot. Inside, lines were organized and not too long and it was easy to snag one of the few available tables. Order came out pretty quick, and once we finished there weren't so many people waiting around that we felt rushed out. 

Food was hot, fresh, and delicious, as usual. Got the #2, animal style burger and fries, and made a hot mess of myself. Maybe it's because this place is such a rare treat for me, but I didn't really see the appeal of their regular plain fries- I've heard a couple of people rave about them, but aside from the animal style extras, they're just fries, guys."
"When compared to other froyo places, Menchie's is pretty average. There are about 10 flavors to choose from, and they make up for the lack of fresh fruit toppings by having many sauce options including marshmallow and the occasional uncommon topping like mochi. 

When compared to other sweet dessert options available in the downtown Summerlin area though, Menchie's is a hard sell and ranks pretty low on the list for me. Indoor seating is very limited with a couple of hightops, but there are a few patio tables with umbrellas too. 

In a few visits though, the service is pretty consistently absent. I've walked in twice to no staff at all and spent the majority of my time making my order before someone came out to ring me up. I know staff are young and the shop doesn't get much traffic but once they realize customers are there, they often ring up and then retreat to the back again while customers are still present, which I find bizarre and irresponsible."
"Located in the corner of Tivoli Village, down from Leone Cafe- This is such a nicely styled store, it's like walking into a magazine layout! Unfortunately the clothes aren't really my style, but they have some amazing decor items. This is an LA-based business, run by a brother and sister who do the design and run shops in Beverly Hills and Malibu. Service from the lady running this location was positive and friendly.

The major draw for this store is the unique home items- plenty of candles, picture frames, and small decorative items. Even the fixtures are on sale, including display tables and shelving units. Everything has a cohesive boho chic style. Join their website mailing list for sale alerts like 60% off workout clothes and 40% off final markdowns for summer accessories."
"This place is delightful! For one, it has free wifi- my original reason for stopping in. They also have bobaccino- which is iced coffee, with boba. DONE, large please!
The cashier was super friendly and danced around, garnering yet another star.

Tasty drinks, consistent and strong wifi, no one judging me for spending an hour here on Tumblr? Another star! 

Oh, and their menu also includes katsu, bbq bulgogi, bowls, and sushi? I'm pretty sure I'm about to be a regular here!

ETA-
Solid four stars for dining options. BF and I had dinner here before a flight (thanks to the wifi, we found out there was a delay!), sharing the soft shell crab app, the bulgogi bowl, and the #1 sushi roll. Side note, all rolls are $7, and they're large 10-piece rolls, not wimpy little ones!
Wouldn't get the crab app again- just wasn't impressed, though it was both affordably priced and impressive to see on the menu in the first place. 
The bowl was okay, seemed lacking something- I added a hefty shake of soy sauce and that perked it up a little.
Roll was tasty! Simple but good, will be trying others again. Happy with $7 price tag for 10 pieces."
"When you have a giant GRAND OPENING sign screaming at the street and established competition in literally every direction, you need to have your game on lock. I've come by way too many times to a shop that is out of boba or flat-out closed during open hours, and when I do manage to get a drink the flavors are inconsistent. The Rose Lychee tea, when done well, has a good balance of flavors but I still usually order it less sweet.

Despite the opening signage being up, I was informed on my last visit that they had a change of ownership/management and would be closing for a couple of weeks to restaff and train. They will be expanding their drink menu to offer rolled ice cream, and the Great Green looks like it's right up my alley so I'll be by to see how things (hopefully) improve."
"Back in Texas, the BF and I lived right down the street from a Raisin' Cane's- and they inundated the city with their billboards and marketing, and the BF was one of their biggest customers. I finally went one day and didn't get the hype, their special sauce in particular was a tiny portion, and not particularly good either.

Fast forward like a year later. We've moved across the country and yet down the street from another Cane's! Within a week, BF was there, happy again.

But something is different about this location.
He brought their food home and I took a little nibble. Which turned into half the order. And then me initiating a visit the following week. What on earth is different, I have no idea. But the chicken strips are moist and flavorful, the sauce is tasty enough to dip just about anything in, and I can mindlessly munch on their fries for far longer than I'd care to admit.

Raising Canes, you've redeemed yourself. I don't know how, but you did.
Service also is fairly good here- even in the dead of night, the staff is in a good mood. Though they have a weird habit of insisting on checking for ID even on drive thru orders under $10.  A little odd, and sometimes annoying, but they're on top of their game in the kitchen!"
"It's probably a bad sign if a ""clearance"" furniture store as zero cars in front of it despite tons of sale signs outside. Zero percent interest, no payments, financing available, no credit check, etc- the signs were screaming out for people to go in and buy.

But when we went in, everything was ridiculously overpriced. I don't associate ""wholesale prices"" with $800 couches, and I'm pretty sure no one else does either.

The furniture here is all either very modern or very large, clunky, and outdated, so in addition to being out of my price range it's also not my style, at all. The lady stationed at the front door seemed used to people walking in, gasping at the prices, and walking out. Felt bad for her. Not sure how this place stays open."
"Decent pub for decent food while watching a game. I like how there are multiple areas: a dining room behind glass to avoid gaming noise and smoke, a lounge area with couches to watch the game in comfort, and bar/cocktail table seating for a final option. And of course, the bar has built-in gaming for those who feel so inclined.

Service was okay- our waitress was friendly and checked in on us regularly, seemed to be the only one working a dinner rush on a Thursday which was a bit odd. There was another guy running around clearing tables and greeting people who seemed a little overwhelmed or distracted, and didn't follow up after bringing us our first drinks, but the majority of our service was provided by the waitress- I think her name was Kandi?

Had a BOGO coupon for dinner entrees from a local publication.
I went for the grilled chopped and topped greek salad- plentiful portion, surprisingly good pita for a bar, lots of fresh veggies, and  waitress was happy to give me both the greek feta and the bleu cheese dressings on the side to pick and choose which one went best. Only criticism is that there was very little meat on the salad, portion was more similar to bacon topping on a salad rather than a main protein for an entrée.
BF opted for the corned beef and cabbage plate, which was also a giant portion, and again, better quality than expected. Sides were a side salad (also fresh), and mashed potatoes, which were super creamy. I kept stealing bites when he wasn't looking (he saw anyway, but the portion was huge so he didn't mind).

Overall this is a place I would return to- but only armed with another BOGO coupon. While quality is better than expected for bar food, prices are considerably higher too. Not a place I expect to drop $50 for dinner for two and two drinks."
"As the dutchess of two gyms and someone who works out near-daily, you wouldn't think I'd be a fan of this place... but it's perfect for date night because my guy can build his own burger and I can build a fantastic salad!

Burgers are perfectly cooked, and cooked to order, so don't expect it out in three minutes flat. Add on as many toppings as you want, most are free with charges for the obvious like guac and bacon. The 1/3 pound is their most popular, but by guy tends to get their 3/4 pound. Bun always seems to fall apart, not sure if this is because the patty is thick and toppings make it hard to bite or if they should upgrade to sturdier buns.

The Salad-Lovers-Salad is aptly named, and at $10 is a bowl packed with all your favorite ingredients, including several cheese options. You can make it as healthy (cucumbers, tomatoes, olives, pickles) or indulgent (cheeses, croutons, bacon) as you like. Protein is like $2 for grilled chicken, $4 for salmon. Even sticking to free ingredients, the portion is enormous. 

They have typical burger-joint apps, sides, and shakes. The fries are skin-on with salt and pepper, and I really like them but my guy prefers their thin-cut onion rings. Definitely try their fried mushrooms, which are sliced (like fried pickles typically are) rather than whole, for maximum crunchy surface area. Pair this with one of their dips, the Sriracha Ranch is my fave. I don't do shakes but my guy swears their malts are top notch.

Service is attentive and friendly, so long as you keep the whole ""this is not fast food"" thing in mind for the timing. Old-school diner Decor features movie photos and props, tables have movie trivia cards for entertainment. Solo diners, grab a stool at the soda counter!"
"All items here are designed locally, in-house by Winky and her staff. Cool to know, but majority of stock is slap watches which I simply am not a fan of. Love their dessert-themed beaded watches but found them both too pricey and too complicated: it's essentially a necklace  wrapped around your arm. Props for originality!

Store is currently moving down to the ground floor, so selection is a bit on the limited side. Staff is super friendly and managed a quick greeting despite being tasked with the move. Great place to buy a gift for a tween or teenager, but alas the selection of brightly colored baubles does not fly with my work wardrobe."
"This place was a pleasant surprise- stopped by on a whim, originally intending to go to the new Yogurtland in the area. Thought gelato would be even better.
Went in to a vacant store at 830PM, line was out the door by the time I left ten minutes later. Guess I started something!

This place has TWO cases full of amazing-sounding flavors. I sampled only three: the Turkish coffee (containing grains of actual coffee!), the cream puff (sweet and creamy without being sugary), and the dark chocolate peanut butter (super rich but no actual PB taste- but still intensely good). They were all amazing. To the point that instead of getting a tiny size with one flavor, I got a large with all three."
"Service is only marginally better here at the Nook Express grab-and-go counter rather than their counter-service restaurant further down the hall. Staff is friendly, but disorganized and slow. The pastries and premade salads and sandwiches are on par with Starbucks, but the one great thing I've found here is their cold brew. Get the large- it's only slightly over $5 and 32oz, good flavor and a crazy caffeine rush."
"The definition of a community coffee house- if you dislike children or dogs, stay away! This spot is in the middle of a neighborhood park adjacent to a playground, and I don't have enough fingers to count how many pooches were on the patio. 

Decor is bright and clean, with decorative coffee cups available for purchase and a stack of books and games to settle in with. Oh, and they have a TV in the dining room so you can catch up with the news while you wait for your order- in addition to coffee, they have some breakfast and lunch sandwiches, as well as a small case of pastries (the lemon bars are incredible!). 

The only downside to this spot is it's completely obscure location."
"+1 super sweet service
+1 variety of fresh entrees and desserts
+1 really good prices for the portion and quality
+1 free dessert with Yelp check in!

At any given time, this place has four to eight fresh-made calzone options available, and a similar number of fresh-baked dessert goods. Trekked out of my way to try this place out, and I'm very glad I did!

Friendly staff recommended their favorite calzones and informed me of their pizza and Italian sodas available. Redeeming my Yelp check in for free dessert was quick and painless, I opted for the lemon cookies and they were divine.

But those calzones! Huge portion for $6 price tag, packed with ingredients. Tried the employee favorite, chicken & pesto and loved that it included spinach and artichokes. The garlic veggie was a filling portion of healthy ingredients wrapped in a sinful amount of dough. Buffalo chicken was interesting- I'm thinking they added it upon request but I'm not sure I'd get it again."
"Harbor Freight is a good option for those who are overwhelmed by the giant orange building up the street. If you know what you're looking for and don't mind hunting for it, you'll probably save time and spare yourself a bunch of impulse purchases here. 
However. The stock and selection are more limited at Harbor, so they may not have what you need. Unfortunately, they're so disorganized that even if they do have it you might not be able to find it. I feel like I'm the kind of person who already looks a bit out of place in a hardware store, but I always end up wandering around for twenty minutes looking up and down every aisle for what I need rather than having someone offer to help. Note that there are quite a few basic items (rope, tarps, replacement fixtures) that you won't be able to find here, so consider calling ahead. 

TIP: Save their ads, the percent-off coupons can be combined with in-store clearance pricing."
"A bit of a drive from the strip, this place has it all. I'm probably the last person who needs to be going to a buffet, as I have virtually no impulse control and can't ever really tell when I'm full, but this place was the best I've seen.

Highlights sadly do not include the sushi, which I usually run to first, as it wasn't refreshed very often and didn't seem to have much variety- there were probably three rolls out the entire time we were here, and we took our time. Oh well- plenty of sushi places in vegas for me to overlook this minor detail.

The highlights DO include some large and meaty meatballs, large calzone slices, some thai chicken dish that seemed to be an experiment but tasted amazing, barbecue, and about a million salads.

But none of that compares to the shrimp and cheddar grits. I would go back JUST for these grits. As it is, I probably had three servings, which is now reflected in my ongoing battle with the scale. But they were damn amazing.
If there are any grits when you go, try them. I don't care if you think you don't like grits: you haven't had these.

EDIT: downgrading rating due to inconsistency.  I've also yet to see the shrimp and grits dish again."
"Generally speaking, food described as ""like mom's cooking"" tends to be made with love, but not so much flavor- gotta make sure it's not too spicy for your sister, not too salty for your dad, and take into account everyone else's flavor preferences and dietary restrictions, too. This spot has a great variety of enchilada sauces, friendly family service, and a huge dining room to bring your whole crew. Note their Wednesday AYCE special.

Ordered a combo plate to go- one red beef enchilada, one green chicken enchilada, and a beef taco, plus a side of guac. Food was good, but as others have said, the amount of meat in the enchiladas is minimal. Plate overall was a good sized portion, and I liked the red sauce more than the green. I do wish they offered a Tex-Mex version with shredded yellow cheese instead of exclusively using the crumbled white cotija. Guac was fresh with tomato and onion, definitely get an order to share. 

I called ahead after reading other reviews that said wait times could be lengthy- my food was being brought out right as I walked in, 15 minutes later. I would consider coming back if in the area and specifically craving enchiladas, and try other sauces. However, I think they need to step it up a little to stand out in a neighborhood packed with Mexican restaurants."
"Generally, if you're going to put a specific food in your restaurant name, I expect that dish to be your specialty. Sadly, at Jenni Pho, I found that the pho wasn't particularly impressive. 

Ordered the custom bowl with tripe, flank, and meatballs, and though the portion was large and noodles were plentiful, the broth itself was lackluster- not packed with flavor and earthiness as expected, given the process and ingredients it takes to make. Much doctoring was needed with the herbs and sauces at the table to make it palatable, and even then it was underwhelming.

But the vermicelli pork bowl knocked it out of the park. Loved the plentiful portion of pork, with just the right bit of char to add flavor, tons of noodles and fresh herbs and vegetables. It was essentially a noodle salad, dressed with fish sauce, and deliciously so. Would come back for this dish.

Service, as I've come to expect at pho joints, was nearly nonexistent. Placed our order, got our food, and never saw the guy again. That being said, they seem to be well-staffed and had several guys working in the open-plan kitchen: loved being able to watch what was going on, and appreciated that the kitchen (and windows peering into it) were so very clean!"
"Worthy of the hype. Wait for Saturday lunch wasn't too bad just after noon, line itself isn't that long but goes a bit slow. Employees are working hard with smiles on their faces, though.

But you come here for the food! 
The three meat plate is the best value, and the portions are huge- this is easily split between a couple, add on a dessert if you dare. The HOTLINK is ""easily one of the best I've had,"" says the BF. We both thought the RIB TIPS were amazing, and were both a little pickier than necessary about the BRISKET- blame our time in Texas for that, but it's still lightyears better than most other versions here in Vegas.
The sides are pretty solid, too: the COLLARD GREENS are seasoned well with meat and onions mixed in, but the MAC AND CHEESE wins all the awards here- it's one of the best versions I've had outside of someone's home. The CORNBREAD and PEACH COBBLER also were really good, and clearly homemade.

Menu is small, but everything we tried was really well executed. Location has some limitations, but I like the down home style. I'll definitely be keeping it in mind the next time a barbecue craving hits."
"Located at the new Pawn Plaza, this coffee and donut spot is TINY! Required city signage on the wall states the maximum occupancy is THREE. Grab and go or at least take your goods outside to the provided seating. Don't forget your wallet on the counter, which will probably be empty after the prices here...

Shop offers a case of fresh-made donuts in traditional flavors (sprinkle, chocolate cake, glazed), seasonal options and specialties (such as an Elvis-themed chocolate-PB-banana option, maple-bacon bars, cronuts), as well as ""holey moley!"" donut holes, and apple fritters- the latter of which seems to be a hit, seeing as how the three men ahead of me in line ordered them in quick succession, rendering me unable to sample them myself.

Opted for a cronut, which had great texture, though unevenly-applied glaze flaked off like dandruff all over the table rather than inside each bite. I did enjoy the light sweetness. Sprinkled donut ($1.50) was very average, did not seem the freshest despite my 10AM arrival, less than 3 hours after opening. There were two flavors of donut holes available (5/$3): the chocolate was dry and flat sans any glaze (arguably the best part!), but the red velvet was nicely glazed and seemed the freshest of my sampled items, though light on the chocolate flavors.

Service was friendly- my soy latte was made quickly and correctly, and they had no problem accommodating my last-minute check-in offer (2 free donut holes). Don't forget to redeem yours!"
"Decent spot for drinks. Glad they finally joined the juice movement with veggies instead of just fruit, but somehow the kale-based juice I ordered the other day was still blended with a ton of ice and was more of a slush than anything else.

Service was okay. Two male staff were fawning over a cute Asian chick when I walked in, and took their time getting to me. I got bare-bones communication to place my order and get my total. 

Extra star for having the LV Weekly and The Sunday stocked to grab on my way out."
"Great place to grab coffee with a friend or with your laptop- wifi is free, hallelujah! Ask the barista for the password, seems to change frequently.

Love how this place also has a patio- would be great in the spring. For now, in the winter, I guess it's a haven for smokers. 

Had the nutella special coffee- very, very sweet. Unable to finish it.  The white chocolate raspberry scone was delightful though- it looked a little misshapen but tasted great, and it was one of the only things they had left in the pastry case. Either they sell out fast or they don't make much, so maybe not a great place to go hungry."
"With a name like this, it took a while for me to get up the nerve to go: I'm not sure it's good marketing, but at least it indicates that the food is probably good. After visiting, I can confirm, it is the kind of food you can get fat on.

Location is easy to miss if you aren't familiar with the plaza- I've driven past the intersection countless times but didn't know it was here. Parking can be difficult to find due to other busy businesses nearby. This place rocks a giant but empty patio which would probably be better utilized as additional parking spaces.

Ordered a fat gyro and athens fries. The fat gyro is no joke, the name of this sandwich is as honest as the name of the restaurant: it's enormous and was two solid meals for me. The chewy, soft pita pilllowed a plentiful portion of moist and flavorful gyro meat, topped with tzatziki sauce and feta, and supplemented with lettuce and tomato. From the first bite to about the middle of the 'ro, it is amazing: flavors complement one another in a classic way that is key to a good gyro. Then you realize how full you are and the debate between having fries and saving the other half, or forcing yourself to finish, kicks in.
I opted to resis the urge, but was underwhelmed by the fries: I went at an odd time between lunch and dinner and expected the fries to be made fresh but they tasted like they'd been sitting out a while and were a bizarre combination of dry and flavorless. That being said, the cheese atop them was a generous amount, and the portion was a good value for the $3 price tag. However, I'm just not cool with the idea that I need to add several shakes of salt to a heap of cheese and fries to make them palatable. 

If you choose to stuff yourself with gyro instead of opting for a side, I won't judge you. But I will judge you if you follow that up with another meal later in the day because, Lord, that's a lot of food! If you opt to save it for later, as I did, consider taking the lettuce and tomato out so that you can heat it up without getting nasty warm produce when you reheat in your morning daze. Also consider removing the layer of foil beneath your leftover fries so as not to reenact the microwave-fire scene from American Hustle. Your intact kitchen and taste buds will thank you."
"On a budget and need some Greek? Get yourself to Yannis! The lunch combo is a gyro or wrap plus your choice of side and drink, for $11. Add in the free side with Yelp check in, and you've got yourself a feast!

The gyro itself is just okay- huge, but a bit skimpy on the tzatziki, and the lamb is in pre-cut slices rather than freshly sliced. Flavors are good though. The Greek fries inexplicably come with a mild buffalo drizzle in addition to the cheese, but they're super tasty thanks to a light garlic sauce. The dolmas though? Damn tasty, and I like how they're available warm or cold (I prefer the former). 

Location is a mom-and-pop shop, with some shaded outdoor seating available. Prices are low and service is pretty friendly, would pick this over the chain Greek options in the area."
"LGO recipe: combine equal parts wine bar and coffee bar, add a lunch counter and an Urban Outfitters gifts and trinkets section, mix in one gelato case, stir in patio seating, garnish with a dash of hipster, and serve with a side of pizza. Toss in a couple of dogs for good measure. 

All jokes aside, LGO was one of the few places in Phoenix that lived up the hype. My guy and a I stopped by on our way out of town and spent a couple of hours here sampling different foods, browsing the shop area, and hanging out. Despite the confusion about ordering/seating and the massive line snaking out the door at 11AM, service  was quick and everything we tried was tasty- especially the chocolate-cinnamon latte and the pistachio-cherry gelato! The salmon toast is even tinier than the $6 price would lead you to expect, and the side of potato yanks is a must- douse it with sriracha for best results. 
 
With wine, coffee, gelato, and full meals available, there's never a bad time to stop in and everyone is bound to find something they like.  Even if you find yourself here between meals, there is a refrigerated case with salads and sandwiches to grab and go."
"In an area packed with quality breakfast spots, Tangerine Cafe flies under the radar. It doesn't help that their storefront and signage are mostly limited to the backside of the building, but once you've find it, you'll likely be back. After about 8AM, the dining room and patio were flooded with regulars. 

They serve Lavazza coffee, and it's still delicious and smooth even if you order it iced or as a cold brew. Their breakfast menu is limited but so is their space. The turkey-chorizo sandwich uses a flavorful but virtually greaseless patty to make a relatively healthy meal after a nearby run or bike ride. Grab the sriracha if you want a bit more heat, or a truffle from the pastry case if you want something sweet."
"I know, it's a seafood restaurant and I didn't order seafood- what was I thinking?!  I personally dislike how ""market price"" is listed for nearly every dish in the category, but found a bunch of other tasty items to try. Dishes are made quick and served family-style.

HOUSE SOUP: Gratis with meal, on the plain side, mostly broth with hints of ginger. Much appreciated to warm us up on our 40-degree evening.
SCALLION PANCAKES: Four-piece order, delicate and light with a nicely crisp exterior. These complemented our heartier entrees nicely.
LAMB AND LEEK: So good! Plenty of leeks and green onion, generous and tender portion of lamb, definitely something I would get again! 
""EGGPLANT WITH GROUND PORK"": I assume there was a miscommunication because my dish had eggplant but no pork, but it was still good. Soft chunks of eggplant, a rich dark sauce, bits of ginger and red pepper everywhere. 
HOUSE DESSERT: Black sticky rice, date, and red bean soup, allegedly good for circulation, balanced flavor but not to my BF's liking. 

Service was shockingly good- I'm used to receiving the bare minimum at most places on Spring Mountain, but here we were checked up on regularly by several staff members. Pricing was reasonable, the above was just over $30 with tip. I will be coming back to try the seafood items or clay pot dishes."
"A welcome new addition to the local coffee scene! Located down Fremont closer to Charleston than other similar businesses, it's kind of in an odd area but even their first week open they were plenty busy. Large, lively spot with plenty of seating and lots of plants. Good vibe, friendly staff.

Opted for their cold press ""Cannon"" coffee special- brew plus lime, simple syrup, and a few other unexpected ingredients yielding an iced beverage that looks like tea, tastes like coffee, and gave me enough of a caffeine boost to be twitchy shortly after finishing it. Good option for hot Vegas days!

Menu of breakfast toasts and egg dishes, plus a case of pastries, is surprisingly well-executed. The SOPPRESATTA was a success- sourdough toast topped with two fried eggs, black truffle cream and fig vinaigrette was a combination of unexpected flavors sided with a simple salad and fried potatoes and onions. The eggs were a little too over easy for my liking but definitely a strong dish.

Will be back to try the London Fog and Smoked Salmon toast!
PS; check out the bathroom."
"Most dive bars have a stench of stale smoke, barely-passable food, and sucky service. Based on my visits, Blue Ox must not be a dive bar because none of those things can be found here! Space is a bit dated but clean, and staff is downright peppy. Food is low-priced and fresh. 

COBB SALAD: Generous portions of all ingredients, wish the dressing were served in a cup and made in-house rather than takeout packets.* But having the calorie count handy does make me use less.
ALL BEEF JALAPENO CHILI: Ask to add sour cream, onions, and cheese to make this meaty dish into a meal. Good flavor without being spicy. This would be even better if they had some sort of cornbread.
FISH & CHIPS: Two smallish pieces of fresh-fried fish, crispy and flavorful. Fries are crinkle-cut but also surprisingly good. House-made tartar sauce is just right, malt vinegar available too (in a packet again).

They have a few specials, like walleye on Fridays and ribs on Saturdays. Ask about their Mules Around the World drinks. Back of dining area has a separate meeting space available to reserve. Staff is always cheerful, music is a good mix of 90s alternative and radio hits.

*I stand corrected, the ranch dressing here is made in-house. All other options are currently served in packets."
"Went in today and worked with Rena for a manicure- luckily I had the info that this salon was located behind the O'Reily's or I never would have found it.

Inside, it's quite nice! Loved the mini chandeliers above each chair, and the waiting space is nice with a white leather couch and coffee. In addition to Rena there was another lady present who seemed to just do hair styling- they were both quite polite, a little older, and tend to have a very loyal clientele, who they informed me are mostly in the realty and property management industry. 

In addition to a clean and modern interior, and friendly staff, the service was simple but good too- my basic mani is regularly $15, good variety of colors to pick from without being overwhelmed by the amount of polish bottles. I went for a neutral and long-lasting pink with a bit of sparkle to it. Rena makes her own scrubs, and had a selection of 3 different moisturizers to choose from. 

Service was quick (~40 min), well-priced, and Rena was easy to talk to without being overwhelmingly chatty- good for a Friday afternoon when my brain is fried from a week of work. Definitely going to keep her in mind in the future.

There is also a hair stylist who works out of this salon- Daniel? He sounds amazing and I will update my review if I use him to update my color. Bonus star for Rena for not pointing out my awful roots and suggesting I call Daniel, but providing me with info when I brought it up myself- very classy."
"What a nice little modern stationary store! Wouldn't have found this spot without the Yelp app, as its tucked into a plaza I rarely go by. Store organizes display cards by occasion (anniversary, birthday, wedding, birth, etc) and has plain note cards/envelopes organized by color. Quirky cute style of cards and products is reminiscent of what you'd find on Etsy or Pinterest.

 In addition to the cards, Paper & Home also has some small gifts and fragrances available for purchase. Besides the walk-in sales, they also do design and special order invitations, such as for weddings or events. 

Small store is cute to browse for a few minutes, and service greets but doesn't pester you. They had a small but good selection of cards out front and center for upcoming Fathers day. I believe mine will be pleased with the one I selected, but I was torn between two good ones.

Bonus star for Yelp check-in offer: free letter press card, no purchase necessary."
"Less than great, as thrift stores go. Lots of shoes, decent amount of clothes when you enter- not all items are labeled/priced, which I disliked but they did have some newer fashion items toward the front of the store.
Aside from that front portion though, everything else is kind of a disaster- back rooms loosely grouped by type of item (shoes, linens, etc) but completely unorganized and messy and unappealing. Most items extremely dated and some dirty.

Upstairs, there are random boutique style offices with art and purses and such available. There's also a large room billed as a library with the store's book and media selection- lots to look through, someone has tried to keep it organized.

Unfortunately so much of this store is stuff that no one is going to purchase. Though this is a thrift store, they do need to comb through their merchandise and donate the items that aren't/won't sell- very cluttered and messy look doesn't make me want to sift through all the junk."
"Popped in here today for lunch with some coworkers- it's a lot closer to work than I thought! They were in an italian mood, but I was limiting carbs due to the night's Yelp Pizza Party, so I did not partake of any pasta during my visit. 

Service was fairly good- our server was very friendly and made a bunch of helpful chit-chat with us, mostly bonding with my dining companions over their love of carbonara, and discussing the best places in LV to get it. I appreciated his honesty in that he did not try to BS us about how the dish here is the best there is or anything, but he did say it was good- he personally does not like the use of spinach in the dish, preferring beans, but it's not offered that way here.

As it is, I debated between a few dishes- the shrimp mediterranean in particular, caught my eye. But I ultimately opted for the soup and salad combo, with the wedge and the lobster bisque- the salad arrived already doused in a sea of dressing, which surely took it far beyond the listed calorie counts. The bisque was an odd dish- the first bite wasn't that great to me, and I considered asking to switch it out for the tomato, but as I ate more of the dish it grew on me. Guess I'm just not a lobster bisque person? Duly noted.

My coworkers both opted for the carbonara- and both were underwhelmed with it. The dishes were huge, and they easily could have shared a single order instead of getting separate dishes, but one dish had overcooked pasta that was borderline mushy while the other was a good al dente. Both ladies were underwhelmed by their selection and had buyer's remorse, of a sort- commenting that they wished they'd gone with their original choices, but felt like the dish would be better here given the conversation with our server. Womp womp.

Seems like this place is best for a happy hour visit- I may need to take advantage of that, but I don't think I'm likely to return for lunch."
"Every major city needs a community center like this for the LGBQT population: whether or not you utilize the services or are part of the community it's intended to help, it's an asset to the area. And not just for the free condoms.

Exterior décor is modern and interior is welcoming and comfortable, like a bookstore or library- the main lobby area actually IS part library, complete with a bank of computers for internet access and personal use, and the Bronze Café.

Front desk is staffed by friendly peeps who don't mind pointing out the different services offered here and the information pamphlets available. What's especially valuable is the television-screen daily information page showing all of the events and services taking place at the center that day, on a loop with ads and info for local support groups and relevant community statistics. 

Bonus points: look over the TV screen at the main desk at all of the local businesses and major companies that contributed to and supported the founding of this center and continue to support it's ongoing role in the community."
"Kosher-ized tapas? This place is a little odd, but I like what they're doing. Classy décor, fun menu descriptions, decent execution, and polite service. Currently in their soft-open stage, grand opening April 15.

First visit was for takeout, had a mixup with my order, returned a few days later to get the correct items. CRAB CAKES are nicely presented but could use a bit more flavor and less filler, TEMPURA MUSHROOMS are simple but tasty when paired with a spicy mayo dip (but would like to see them add a cilantro option), LAMB CIGARS have a bit of spice to them with a nicely crispy exterior. 

Full bar available, management is looking to add live music, there are a couple of outdoor patio tables as well. Menu is currently limited, looking forward to coming back and trying the moussaka sliders, cremini relleno, and sangria and hopefully raising my rating once they work out the kinks."
"I was lured in by claims of having the ""best omelets on the planet!""-- and they're actually pretty damn good. And at 4 large eggs each, they're also huge! I've rarely seen as much omelet variety on one menu as I do here, and it was hard to decide what to order.

My guy and I split the Racy Tracy omelet (mushrooms, bacon, and monterrey jack, topped with avocado, $15), which was stuffed with filling. The mushroom cream sauce complemented this well, and we upgraded our spuds to ""Otis style"" with cheese and grilled onions. The kitchen split our order and each portion was still enough that we didn't eat lunch!

Returned another day and shared a short stack of the Jack Johnson Banana Walnut Pancakes and the Bomb Shelter Bacon Benny- I'm not much of a pancake fan and these were decently fluffy but could have used more bananas and nuts, while the Benedict was delicious and packed with mushrooms and bacon. Again, so much food as to cover two meals, even sharing. 

Location has kitschy road stop decor like their original location in Truckee, including Sharpie graffiti walls and a random bicycle hanging from the ceiling. Staff are super friendly and I like that the menu has substantial lunch dishes (burgers, salads, sandwiches), healthy (under 500 cal) and vegetarian-friendly options, unlike most places known for their breakfast dishes.

TIP: Sign up for their loyalty club online before you visit, and you'll get a $5 off coupon in the mail (which makes their prices considerably more reasonable), plus $10 on your birthday, and champagne on your anniversary! Check in on the Yelp app to get a free beverage or order of their chocolate bacon, too."
"There's a third Sushi Hero in town- the first two are  high quality spots named after chefs (Sushi Hiroyoshi on the west side and Sushi Hiro in Henderson), while this one is going for a themed, casual AYCE concept. Unfortunately, it doesn't really work.

Their grand opening special (half off rolls) was why I came in, and I suspect responsible in part for the high ratings (along with the overall lack of sushi on this side of town)- I personally found the food extremely average, to the point of mediocre. Sauces were nonexistent or stingy, flavors were plain and lacked punch, fish was not notably fresh. Rolls were small, took a while to come out, and fell apart, even considering we were initially the only customers present. I would not pay their listed ""full price"" for what I received. Maybe I'm in the minority, because they had four tables by the time we left (and most seemed to know the owner) and this is their first review that isnt 5 stars.

Server was efficient and the space has undergone a considerable facelift since the previous owners (Hello Tokyo), but I lost my appetite when I noticed the giant poster of Stalin hanging on the wall. Consider naming your rolls after action figures as a branding move to do something cool and different, and lose the artwork of a guy who massacred millions. Just a thought."
"I do not like giving low ratings to local businesses. But this one is barely a business. For one, they don't bother to keep their posted hours! Came by twice to shop, and they were closed- once an hour before close on a weekday, and again an hour after opening on a weekend, how frustrating!

The store stock appears to be carefully selected, the mannequins are nicely styled, and they have a cool jewelry display. Unfortunately I have no idea if they're priced well, as I haven't been inside. I want to spend my money, but apparently they don't need it.

Both times I visited, neighboring businesses (Other Mama and Rice Shop) encouraged me to try again- they had good things to say, and I thought it was awesome to see businesses supporting one another! But either adjust your hours to something you can keep, or fire whatever employee isn't showing up. Or maybe just have a website instead."
"I came here despite the declining reviews, based on my BF's memories of this spot: he recalls endless oysters included in AYCE ($28/pp), specifically. As other reviews have stated, the oysters (and uni) now come limited to 4 orders (of 2) per person (making a total of 8/person). Luckily, I'm not huge into oysters, so I tried a couple (fresh!) and let him have the rest. 

Another huge perk offered here is the inclusion of a sashimi plate (1/person) in the AYCE- menu says this has three slices of four fishes, but the plate we ordered had a few more slices than indicated and they were generously cut.

Slightly smaller menu of nigiri offered here, and very limited roll selection- mostly focused on simple maki rolls and basic Americanized rolls (most are variations of California roll). I'd stick to the nigiri, sashimi, and oysters for best experience.

Restaurant layout and service were odd. Large space is mostly utilized as separate grill tables for hibachi diners, leaving just one back corner for the sushi bar, where seating fills up fast.  Sushi chef seemed reluctant to take large orders and would walk away in the middle of our order after requesting 3 orders of nigiri. Conversation and smiles were nonexistent until the end of our meal, when the older chef assisted us with a final order that didn't involve cutting us off or walking away. I would prefer to sit in his section next time."
"I love Great Greek! I fell in love with their rice bowls at their original Henderson location and it's my go-to order, usually with shrimp. The salad is so fresh and flavorful that it doesn't need the tzatziki sauce, which is delicious. Having the rice under the salad makes it especially filling but hard to reheat later. It remains one of my favorite Greek dishes in town though. Their Feta Fries and gyros are good too, but I tend to order their lighter options.

This location is larger and more welcoming than the other, with some outdoor seating. Service has been friendly and takeout orders are ready quickly. While I'm happy they're doing so well that they expanded to another location, I wish it were closer to me- the drive from Summerlin is just as far to go to either. 

TIP: Portions are large, so plan ahead or purposely order extra to take home. The spanakopita travels well!"
"BF used to be a huge fan of this chain, popular when he was growing up in CA. They used to have a French menu, but now there's only a handful of French-esque options left. Given the relatively low recent reviews though, I was pleasantly surprised.

DEVILED EGGS: three eggs each of three versions offered, 9 halves for $6. One with bacon, one with a tomato-y twist, and another less memorable version. Not sure why it's on the menu, doesn't go with anything else.
MEATBALL APP: generous portion for an app, could be an entrée. The sauce was surprisingly tasty, a bit on the sweet side and reminiscent of a tomato-basil soup, but in an oddly good way. Seasonal item?
FRENCH ONION SOUP: Not bad, not in the top 10 of the best versions I've had.
FRENCH STEW: sausage, spinach, and white beans, sided with a salad. One of the healthier options available, but still hearty. I'd recommend this.

The above was enough for a full dinner for two, plus leftovers for the next day's lunch, for $35 including tip. Good value, but they clearly seem to be struggling. BF was incredibly disappointed with the visit, says the dishes here don't begin to compare to how good they used to be and many menu favorites are now gone."
"Even if the raw vegan lifestyle isn't for you, the food here is fresh, fun, great tasting, and good for you! Plus it's the best kind of takeout ever, since you don't have to worry about it getting cold. ;)

There are ""raw"" and just vegan items available- the raw burgers (portabello on nut patty!) and collard wraps (mexican and italian-style!) are my favorites though, both served with avocado ""fries"". If you want a liquid lunch, they have a massive selection of smoothies and shakes, as well as fresh young coconuts.

Location is a bit odd: you cash out at the hostess stand rather than the back bakery counter or the large ground counter where the staff sit. There's a huge salad bar ($9/lb) in the middle of the dining room with a small supplement shop area to the right, and the ""small talk garden"" area to the back. There's just a lot going on and not much in the way of decor. I guess all their focus and energy are busy in the kitchen!"
"With a name like The D, the jokes just write themselves, don't they? I'm actually kind of bummed that no one in their marketing department has run with that, considering they have no qualms about calling their main bar ""The Long D""... which is fairly self-explanatory.

That being said, this place is pure chaos. You have to wind your way through 6 floors of reserved valet parking to find a spot, and corners are blind without any mirrors, and lanes are narrow. Additionally, if the garage is completely full there is no signage nor any employees posted to prevent new cars from entering- I experienced this unique brand of frustration during a visit over the summer.
This garage should have been added onto during the reno, as each floor is small and probably maxes out at 50 spaces. For the parking situation alone, I would not stay here.

Once you finally make it in the casino (an assumption, perhaps), I will say that it isn't as smoky as I expected from all of the other reviews here- then again, all of the doors are open to the Fremont Experience and there was a good breeze going.

As I navigated my way to the showroom, employees were few and far between, and those I could find were fairly clueless and most were just standing around- one in particular was wandering the floor with a broom and dustpan in tow and was literally walking slower than a woman with a walker, and kept getting bumped into by patrons who were simply trying to get around the two of them and on their merry way.

On the bright side, the showroom is upstairs and away from most of the hustle and bustle- but they're not particularly organized, either. I was able to pick up my tickets immediately and was spared the line, but I was late (due to the garage situation) and arrived just as it was supposed to start- and yet, the line was wound around the entire floor to accommodate the huge line because no one had yet been allowed into the showroom. After the alleged start time.

On the bright side, as I left, I was not charged for parking despite a giant sign in self-park saying it was $2/hour. I also consider it a positive that the garage exit is run entirely by a single computerized gate rather than a person in a booth. I prefer technology to the quality of casino employee found in such positions. But I'm sure tech issues happen and the exit gets backed up sometimes, but today, thankfully, it was working."
"Most important info first: HH is 2-6PM, Mon-Thurs. You're welcome.
Their happy hour is one of my favorites in town, and they have the best deal with a chef's board of meats and cheeses PLUS a bottle of wine for only $20. Winning!

While I usually visit for HH, the menu is full of great options from apps to desserts- their sea salt caramel bundino is a must-order for me, and their pasta portions are large and shareable. So far, I have yet to try the pizzas but they have a featured daily special each day with seasonal produce. I also hear rave reviews about their truffle bread. Location is gorgeous, opt for the patio if tables are available. Staff have been really great about accommodating tweaks to orders due to dietary restrictions, which is really appreciated.

TIP: Sign up online for their email list for $10 off your first visit and make reservations through the OpenTable app because they're usually busy!"
"Whether an homage to the chef's minority status in the kitchen or the heretofore relatively unknown existence of American-Vietnamese fusion cuisine, the Black Sheep is definitely a fitting name for a dark, modern space boasting a tight, fresh menu. Chef Jaime Tran's dishes are thoughtful twists on classics that add a little extra flavor and finesse worth crossing town for.

I came in with a pescatarian pal and we tried most of the dishes suitable for her diet, starting with a half dozen happy hour oysters and the oft-'grammed Ahi Tuna Tartare on crispy rice. The oysters were fresh and briney, and we paired them with their spicy rooster cocktail sauce for a bit of a kick. The tartare was beautifully presented and palpably fresh, with micro cilantro garnish and chili citrus oil. 

We moved on to the Crispy Mediterranean Octopus and the Charred Peach & Mesclun Salad with the Fried Whole Rainbow Trout as our shared entree. The octopus was fried rather than the typical grilled preparation, and the spicy chili and vadouvan sauce is not for the faint of heart. The portion size on this dish was happily a touch larger than expected. The summery salad was decent, but the peaches needed a bit more time on the grill and a slightly larger dose of acidity in the prickly-pear vin. The fish entree was the most traditional of the dishes we tried and it was much enjoyed, filleted boneless with a complementary ginger and rice wine vinegar sauce that went well with the greens and rice.

Service was attentive throughout our visit and the bustling space was busy but not bursting.The dining room could benefit from a bit more light, as supported by most snap-happy diners taking their food literally outside in order to get a good shot. Looking forward to revisiting with a carnivorous friend for the sliders, wings, and short rib. Props for offering a vegan entree as well, even if I'll likely have to wait for a solo visit to try it."
"Everything you're looking for in a sports bar. 
SEVERAL TVS- four over the bar, two in each of the downstairs areas, no problem changing channels to show multiple games at once
NON-TV OPTIONS- pool tables and shuffle board available just in case your game sucks or you want a distraction for a few minutes
AMPLE FOOD CHOICES- You're probably going to be disappointed if you opt for a salad, it just isn't their forte. They have daily specials, game day discounts, and also HH. It's typical bar food though, with fried apps, burgers, and pizzas. The Green Chicken Chile Rolls were fun but greasy, and didn't have much cheese. The sweet jalapeno dipping sauce was weird. Their ""foccacias"" are similar to cut pinwheel wrap sandwiches. The primo steak version was tasty, as were the fresh onion rings.
FAIRLY FRIENDLY SERVICE- I was initially put off by another server's attitude, when we entered and she greeted us with, ""you seat yourself here."" Not helpful when we aren't familiar with their layout and could only see that the entry level bar are was full. Luckily, Joy was our server and she was super sweet and attentive to make up for our awkward welcome."
"Formerly a Port of Subs, Fresh Sub is now a family-run sandwich shop with the same fresh-cut meats and cheeses. I've popped in for a quick grab and go a couple of times, and the sandwiches are tasty and more importantly, MASSIVE. Not that I'm complaining, but I'd love to see the ruler they're using for the ""six inch"" 'cause I swear mine was closer to 9! The guy I always see behind the counter always has a smile on his face and offers samples of the newest menu additions. 

The Smoky Bros is my go-to with smoked cheddar and a two meats, similar to a club. They also offer hot sandwiches and a variety of wraps for low-carbers- I heard they're still perfecting their lettuce wraps though, which is what I'm really holding out for. Check back in soon, they're adding rolled ice cream to the menu.

TIP: Use the Yelp app to order through Eat24 if you're in a hurry."
"If you're a fan of hot pot, you need to moove on over to Chubby Cattle! I've been by a couple of times now, most recently for their reopening with their expanded menu featuring more meats. Not that they needed any, but it's definitely a place to take your favorite carnivore. Note that they also have extensive seafood and veggie options, too.

PICK YOUR BROTH: The tomato is a go-to, but if you like spice opt for the medium, which completely cleared out my sinuses. They are not kidding. I wouldn't go hotter than this. Props for having individual broth bowls as well as half-and-half options.
MAKE YOUR SAUCE: The station in the dining room has several sauces, herbs, and add-ins to make a dipping sauce for your meat. I like combining all the garlic and chili options, then topping with cilantro, green onion, and fried garlic. There are mouthwash stations in the bathrooms so your garlic-heavy food won't ruin your post-dinner date night plans.
EAT YOUR MEAT (and veggies): The bounty of hot pot add ins here is insane, from baskets of veggies and platters of protein, all photogenically presented for your  pleasure. The combo plates are your best bet, allowing you to mix and match. Check for specials, like Dorper sheep and crawfish. Some of my favorites have been the wagyu, brisket, quail eggs, and shrimp paste. Don't forget the enoki!

Reasonable prices and attentive service are just bonuses here. If you're coming in solo or as a couple, sit by the conveyor belt. Consider a late-night visit for their half price happy hour. Families and groups can request a private room for celebrations.  Hot pot isn't something I have often but Chubby Cattle has definitely raised the bar for my expectations when I do."
"It was bittersweet to discover this place just as they're closing- but for those who are nearby, everything is 75% off during their closing sale. No word on why they're closing, but the store fixtures are for sale as well so I take it they are not reopening or relocating.

Selection of jewelry and accessories is skewed toward the younger end- clothing in particular is more suited to juniors or high school teens than to adults. Jewelry includes necklaces, bracelets/bangles, earrings, and lots of rings; other accessories include socks, scarves, and hair bows. 

Most items are priced in the $3-$15 range. With the sale, I got two pairs of earrings and a necklace for $6. Staff was polite but mostly engaged in conversation with regulars and friends. Go in while you can!"
"Incredible. Artisan Foods has outdone themselves! I dig the concept: selling specialty ingredients for home cooking, and showcasing store products at an on-site café! Menu is limited, but everything we tried was great. This is definitely a spot to make reservations, as seats are limited. Come hungry and bring a couple of friends- I wish I'd had an extra person or two with me to order the entire menu to share!

JELLYFISH ""CALAMARI"" FRIES WITH SQUID INK AIOLI: The best calamari ever! Breading was light, seemed to be cornmeal based, and did not adhere so well, but this was the best-tasting calamari or jellyfish dish I've had. Bright, acidic, fresh, with that great squid ink aioli. Wanted to lick the plate. A must-order, great start to our meal.
LIONFISH CEVICHE: It was a bit sad to order and consume this dish while staring directly at a lionfish in the tank beside us. But lionfish are the cockroaches of the ocean and they need to be eaten! (True story, Google it.) The ceviche itself was very citrusy and the flavor of the lionfish was not the star of the dish, it seemed to be overpowered by the other ingredients. But the tempura shiso leaves were the best vessel for eating this! BF said he wouldn't get this again, but I am open to other versions of lionfish.
MADE TO ORDER CAESAR: The Worcestershire flavor is more pronounced in this version than in others I've tried. Portion is easily shareable, the egg was perfectly poached.
MONTEAMORE GRILLED CHEESE ON BAGUETTE WITH LOCAL HONEY: This dish is where my BF finally ""got it"" about why I was so anxious to come here ASAP. This is the best grilled cheese. It's not a traditional version, but it's crisp and buttery, with a bright, salty cheese balanced well by the use of local honey and plated with house-made pickles. Portion is small like the price tag ($6), great for sharing as a starter.
CRISPY BRICK CHICKEN THIGH: WOW. The chicken thigh itself is so tender, and served atop a wonderful savory mushroom bread pudding. I cook with chicken thigh a lot, and don't particularly care for the texture of bread pudding, so I almost didn't order this but it really was amazing. The chopped chives on top added just the right amount of verdant freshness.
HANDCUT PAPPARDELLE PASTA: BF's entrée choice at our server's recommendation, reminiscent of a beef stroganoff, sans beef. The pasta was thin, delicate ribbons, married with a heap of roasted mushrooms and artichokes. Great dish.
CROISSANT FRENCH TOAST: BF's dessert pick, lots of flavors and textures going on here. Bread wasn't too thick, caramel apple cider sauce wasn't too sweet, and the fresh julienned green apples on top were a great accent. 
HEXX CHOCOLATE POT DE CREME: Simple but very good. Three slices of orange over a pot of rich chocolate mousse, with fennel pollen. I can't honestly tell you what the pollen tastes like but everything came together well- and this coming from someone who usually shies away from dishes that combine chocolate and citrus. 

The new industrial location is near their former dwelling, but with increased floor space and a kitchen. Adding the café concept is wonderful, and Vegas needs more spots like this that highlight local talent (both cooking and sourcing!) in a way that locals can appreciate. This is making the shortlist of places we will be bringing visiting friends and relatives. Hopefully they will expand hours at some point as they settle in."
"Delightful little coffee house- get your caffeine and sugar fix here, 24/7, complete with free wifi. Fairly creative coffee offerings, pastries and desserts made in-house, cheerful and friendly staff, and great music.

Decor is colorful and welcoming, lots of patrons sitting around using the wifi with their various devices. Would feel comfortable coming here on a weekend to get some grading or lesson planning out of the way, but I imagine it may be difficult to find a seat sometimes- seems to be a popular place and it's a bit small.

Went for the red velvet mocha- tasty and unique but a bit too sweet for me.
Raided the dessert case and snagged 3 different macarons and (at BF's insistence) a small order of the tira-mousse. The macarons were large and perfect, and I really appreciated the bright colors and variety of flavors- green tea machta, white chocolate raspberry, and mint chocolate chip, in order of preference. Kind of a sugar overkill for me, could not have more than a nibble of each but really liked what I had.
The tira-mousse was too much. I didn't like the texture or flavor, but BF and his friend really liked it and could have had more. 

Though I liked this place, I'm not big on sugar or caffeine, and found this place a little pricey- for the above order, with a moderate tip, came to over $20. Ouch."
"You had me at Tennessee Sweet Tea gelato! I'm from the South, where we drink sweet tea like water and no one outside of the lower states seems to get the taste just right. But 346 did, perfectly spot on!  I stumbled in during their Southern-themed week, which also featured oatmeal, sweet potato (great savory notes), and roasted fig flavors.

I appreciate the creativity of the house-made flavors, and their flavor suggestions policy- if yours is picked, you get a free pint! Unfortunately, whether it was the flavors I tried or the timing, I did not find the consistency to be, well, consistent.  Some were creamy, others were sticky, while another was more like a sorbet. That wouldn't deter me from trying more of their fancy flavors, though!

I like that they also have some bakery treats available, like macarons an croissants, for those who don't want something cold or need to take it to-go. I tried a za'atar croissant that I really enjoyed and would come back if they made one with feta! 

The space itself is fairly plain, and the menu is a bit messy- I found some items on smaller boards after placing my order that I would have been more interested in trying, and I didn't even notice their nitrogen toppings. Service from Amber was friendly and informative, I wish I were able to be in the area more often to pop in and try featured flavors!"
"I vaguely remember grabbing a breakfast burrito here once, but it was sufficiently average to be unmemorable. I returned recently for lunch and got a chile verde pork super burrito. Burrito was decent, found it curious that a super burrito includes guac and sour cream but no cheese, which I will add on my next visit. The chile verde itself was solid with a bit of heat to it. Oddly, the green salsa has no spice whatsoever- but it's chunky and just slightly tart, rendering it especially tasty to me, even if it doesn't add the spice I'd been wanting. 

Bonus points for having a drive-thru. Orders come out super quick. I placed my order via Eat24 from a few blocks away, expecting to wait, but it was ready when I rolled up just over five minutes later!"
"Cute signage, cute cakes, cool-sounding flavors, and polite service. But the product is overpriced and underwhelming. Dropped by and picked up 2 cupcakes today for an even $7 total- Peanutbutter Chocolate and Kir Royale. Also snagged a sample of the lemon berry from a covered dish by the register.

But when I got home, my cupcakes were underwhelming. The frosting and glitter on top looked nice, but the cake itself was flavorless (for the PB) and borderline dry (for the KR). They just didn't do it for me, at all. The lemon berry that I sampled was moist and had a nice pop of flavor to it, but was not my kind of cupcake- would not order it in the future.

When I'm spending more per cupcake than the bakery itself is on making each batch, I expect quality- didn't get it here."
"Fried zucchini. Pretty much the only thing that stands out here. It's a $4 side, but more commonly found at sit-down restaurants than a fast food version. It's actually a pretty giant portion, too. Tried it here for the first time after hearing others rave about it and was pleasantly surprised.

Rest of menu is typical salads (charbroiled chicken version is under 450 calls) and burgers, but they also get raves for their breakfast selection including omelets, bowls, and burritos. I appreciate that everything has a calorie count posted on their menus, even though it's not required here. 

Service is friendly, location is new and fairly convenient, with a drive-thru.

EDIT: dropping a star. Came by for breakfast and twice now they've forgotten the avocado on the Cali omelet. Either they don't know the menu and don't bother to check, or they don't want to give it out."
"The Del Taco chain is like a slightly nicer Taco Bell with better selection, and potentially more ""real"" meat in their meals. I typically don't have any interest in this place unless I'm craving nachos or a crunchy taco.

But the other night, I had zero interest in cooking and a killer fish taco craving. So I picked one up, added on a veggie burrito, and they gave me an extra bacon quesadilla that was a duplicate from a previous order. I wouldn't order that, even if it's priced at 50 cents- it's literally a tortilla folded over some bacon bits with some cheese. No thanks.

Beer battered fish taco is exactly what I like, wouldn't order the veggie burrito again though- cheap though it was. They seem to have recently added a cali asada burrito that I may need to try in the near future- somehow I doubt it'll measure up to the cali burritos I got in the bay area, though."
"I'm so happy to see Grouchy John's on my side of town! I've been to the Henderson location a handful of times but it's clear across town and I can't really do coffee after about 11AM. Luckily, GJ finally moved into this great, under-utilized location that is right on my way to work. It's going to be hard not to treat myself to a morning cup of happiness when it's so convenient and the staff are so friendly. Bonus points for having a drive-thru so I can't get side tracked walking in and passing the pastry case!

The menu is easy to understand, with drinks divided by temperature and with clear descriptions of what they include. I personally favor the Chupacabra latte (dark chocolate and chili) for a kick in the pants, but they also have a decent variety of non-caffeinated options (Shirley Temple of Doom, various smoothies) and several teas. I have not yet tried their breakfast offerings but they're on my list when I finally get around to a dine-in visit. 

TIP: Grab a stamp card even if you don't think you'll be by often; they have several double-stamp promos (ie check in on social media) so your card fills up fast!"
"No. This is not a place to eat. Bartenders are friendly and attentive, and there is a pool table and gaming at the counter, but the food left us feeling gross.

Pizza claims to be NY thin crust style, but despite being slightly browned and crisped in some areas on the bottom, it tasted frozen and microwaved. Fresh veggies were put on top of the AC Special, but the meats and cheese tasted cheap and processed with little actual flavor.

Wings were fresh-fried, crispy, and juicy, but it was basically fried chicken. Sauces were served on the side for dipping, but cajun and medium again just didn't taste like much. Their ranch is made in-house and tasty though.

I just wouldn't come back here to eat again. Drink selection is limited (a few draft options, mostly bottled domestics) and staff is friendly, but that's not enough to warrant return visits. Step it up!"
"This is a pretty basic Mediterranean market. They have a great zatar-seasoned focaccia but it's not made in house. Their Mediterranean ring bread is a little on the stale side. They have housemade babaghanouj and hummus available in a refrigerated case, but one of the hummus containers seemed to have a white mold growing in it, despite the sell-by date being a week off.

Selection of fresh feta is good, and the fruit available looked fresh and decently priced. I really like how the produce area has clear cases with lids to for organization, but unfortunately their herbs are not fresh- half of my bunch of dill was wilted and discolored. The worst part is, this may be the best option for this type of store on this side of town."
"From the Instagram-worthy dragon in the lobby to the cool industrial-pirate-ship style theater, Ka just oozes unique coolness from the moment you walk in. Unfortunately, I can't say that this is my favorite Cirque show in town- the characters are interesting, the performers are talented, and I really like the costumes, but there's not much of a storyline and some parts seemed to drag.

 I really enjoyed the underwater scene, the jungle scene, and the gold couple- they had such chemistry! The beach scene with the animals was some comic relief, and I want to recreate the crab costume myself. I would come again if the opportunity presented itself, but it wouldn't be my first pick to take visiting friends from out of town."
"In a city full of famous chefs, world-class restaurants, and every type of cuisine imaginable, Kabuto is among the top: you don't just have dinner here, you have an experience. Service is impeccable, quality is unsurpassed, and the dinner-and-a-show you get to observe by sitting at the bar is more than worth the price of the meal.

 I saved this spot for a special occasion and was not disappointed. We opted for the Yoroi meal and added in a few a la carte nigiri options. Each item was skillfully cut in front of us, artfully plated, and presented with a detailed description before being eaten. If you've been to Sweets Raku, it's the sushi version of the experience- upped a couple of notches. 

The meal started with an incredible 8-month aged blackberry-infused sake, made in house. Sashimi came out first, then grill items, followed by nigiri. You have the option to add on any additional items you want before proceeding to dessert. The porgy, pike, and beef tataki were some of my favorites. The live scallop, fresh uni, and the ocean trout were also standouts."
"Apparently a chain from California, R Burgers opened a couple weeks ago and I've popped by for two positive experiences for breakfast and lunch. I love that you can get guac on anything, and it's so fresh!

BREAKFAST: Hit up the drive thru after a nearby workout, ordered the ham bfast burrito add guac. They also have a trio option with all of their meats if you really want to go hard. Burrito was the size of my forearm, came with two cups of their tasty house salsa, and half of it filled me up. Finished the rest for lunch. The mix of fresh scrambled eggs, crispy hash browns, and a bit of salty ham worked well with the fresh avo and acidic salsa. Might be my new favorite in town!

LUNCH: Opted to dine in this time for their signature R Burger that comes with guac and two thick slices of bacon, with their zucchini fries. Oh man. Burger was fresh and the toppings worked well, I do wish they could cook to med-rare instead of nearly well for a juicier burger. Barely made a dent in the portion of zucchini fries, which were served with a house-made ranch. They were so good but I can't put away what looked like four whole vegetables. Super filling lunch, everything was tasty, around $12. 

Service both visits was polite and fast, interior and exterior were clean, food was hot and fresh, portions more than ample. I don't eat fast food often but I know I will be back when in the area for work and/or a well-earned cheat meal."
"Very small and bare store. Haven't been into a Gap in several years, but was happy to figure out which size I wear in their jeans- for $70 a pop, I'll use them as a reward when I go down one more. Appreciated that they had petite/short sizes in stock!

Store doesn't seem to have much merchandize- it's set up boutique style with registers in the middle and a baby section in the back? Women's section had several striped and plain tees and maxi dresses, and jeans. Men's department seemed to have the same, then the clearance, which was a mess of reject pants that mostly looked visibly unflattering even on the hanger. 

Took three pairs of pants to the fitting room, where I was shown a room by a disheveled employee who looked super-casual in ripped shorts and old flip flops. After being shown the room, I never saw her again- wasn't asked how I was doing or instructed where to put items that I did not decide to purchase. Folded them per company standards and put them back on the racks and shelves myself. 

No one told me about their sale/promotion- I had to get that info from a sticker on the mirror in the fitting room. That's a little bizarre, and you'd think there'd be a push to make more sales before it ends... tomorrow.

This store was basically a more expensive, smaller, and less-friendly Old Navy. Luckily, I made off with a pair of $10 khaki corduroys from the rest of the mess on the clearance rack. The only communication the cashier made with me was that all sales were final and she needed to see my ID to use my credit card.
For this company and brand, I expected better service with the higher price tag. Or, you know, ANY service."
"168 is my usual Asian market of choice but I decided to try this one for a change of pace- produce section is a lot smaller but this place has sushi-grade fish available in salad-bowl type packs, which I haven't seen elsewhere.

In addition to produce, there's the mandatory giant row of various pastas and multiple rows of condiments, along with an insane amount of udon. I liked the ready-made section, with seaweed salad, fried vermicelli, wings, pancakes, and even sushi rolls. (Side note: there's a sushi stand in the food court making it fresh for less.)*

Minor irritation at the fact that the soba noodles and the soba noodle sauce are nowhere near one another- in fact, the soba noodle sauce is on a random shelf above the frozen gyoza. Too bad I didn't find it until after I looked through every other aisle with bottles for 20 minutes.

And then I was kicking myself to realize I could have asked the cashier, who speaks perfect, fluent English- I think he was actually Hispanic. Guess I need to check my assumptions at the door!

*Without the attached food court, I'd have no reason to come here over 168. We'll see which becomes my preferred stop over time."
"I went to Pok Pok the last time I was in Portland and though I love fish sauce, Ike's Wings were upstaged by an incredible savory crepe dish that stole the show. The smaller menu at this outpost makes the wings the star, and my experiences with them seem to be getting steadily better.

FIRST MEAL: Shared the large wing order (6/$14) with friends, added on the Khao Man Som Tam (plate of papaya salad and coconut rice with sweet pork, $12). These two dishes could easily be shared by a couple as a full meal. I liked how the acidity of the pickled veggies and the spice of the papaya salad played off of the sticky wings, but the wings themselves, though full-sized, were surprisingly slim and not meaty. There's lots of surface area for the sauce but not many bites to be had.

SECOND MEAL: Ike's Special takeout plate of wings with salad and rice ($12). The rice lacked the depth of the coconut flavor and almost tasted like plain white this time around, but the wings seemed to have more meat on them and were juicier than previous order. It was definitely better than my usual desk lunch.

Though the namesake dish still doesn't warrant the rave reviews I hear from others, hopefully the wing size may be addressed as a supplier issue. I am excited to come back for the khao soi when the weather cools off- it's one of my favorite Thai dishes and I'm excited to see Ricker's take on it.

TIP: Staff shared that pad thai will also be added to the menu, and Andy Ricker himself is expected to make an appearance at this location at the end of the month so stay tuned to their social media."
"If you haven't already, go to the Grimaldi's website and sign up for their email club- each year, you'll get a free large pizza on your birthday, $19 value. It's one of my favorite deals.

Menu has a couple of salads (I prefer the Mediterranean) and apps, and you build your own pizza- pick a size and a sauce, then add on your toppings. So far, I've only had the red sauce but I like that they have a pesto available. The large pizza is enormous and their suggestion that it feeds 3-4 people is accurate. Something about the crust and sauce just didn't do it for me- it's good but not great, something was missing and we added a lot of the garlic. While I'm a fan and will come back, the pricing keeps me from returning regularly- it's pretty steep and considering the $3-5 per topping fee, they were pretty light. 

Heads up, their pizza oven is unavailable at certain times- they have a ""stoking hour"" (4-6PM?) to reset the oven and pies are delayed, but there are drink and app discounts."
"One of two small boutiques tucked into the Village Circle plaza, BKS boutique is a dark and glam space with fairly limited selection. One rack of tops and dresses along right wall, table of plain tees in the middle, some shoes and accessories (10 earrings, 10 necklaces), back left corner is clearance.

Style is a little confusing- they stock basics at good prices, and I like their accessories, but I'm not really sure of their quality (seems reminiscent of Forever 21, but with slightly more mature styles)  and they don't seem to have all that much in the way of work clothes other than that first righthand side rack.

Staff is friendly, sitting area with magazines at front is a little odd for a store- setup makes me think more of a salon."
"Pierogi are a perfect food: handheld, comforting, available in a variety of flavors. Unfortunately they're not particularly good for you and difficult to find, even in this city of a million restaurants. Enter Pierogi Cafe, filling the void for Polish-food-loving citizens!

The namesake pierogis are large and stuffed with filling, with several options to choose from. Grab the mix and match plate on your first visit to try a few. The spinach and feta is my favorite, and the chef's special with white sausage was also good, but the traditional was a little dry and lackluster- which is in line with homemade versions I've had. Props for authenticity.  The wrappers were thick and doughy, in a way that my Russian-born BF did not care for and compared unfavorably to a potsticker. I still enjoyed the flavors, so given the proximity to our house, I'll probably be eating them again.

If, God forbid, you are some sort of heathen who does not like pierogi, they have other options- the Polish sandwich is an epic indulgence. Picture a small loaf of bread split in half, then served open-faced with seasoned sauteed mushrooms, onions, and a mountain of cheese. If you can stomach all the dairy, it's enough food for two, and under $10.

Location is cute and modern despite the flea market-adjacent location. Staff are super sweet, and the food quite frankly is better than it needs to be. Here's hoping they do well enough to move to a stand-alone location sooner rather than later!"
"Katsuya has made a name for himself in sushi, but I've been disappointed by the Strip versions of other chefs' restaurants before. I'm happy to say I was delighted by most of the dishes here!

CRISPY RICE WITH SPICY TUNA: it's crispy, it's spicy, it's delicious! But with a menu descriptor calling it ""our most flavorful dish"" and ""the one Katsuya is most famous for"", I had higher hopes. This version did not stand out from others I've had elsewhere but it is good.
LOBSTER & TRUFFLE ""CHAWAN-MUSHI"": I'll never know how great this dish is unless I come back. I ordered it, but it never arrived. More on this later, as service is why my rating is not higher.
CRISPY BRUSSELS SPROUTS: with balsamic soy reduction, green onion, and toasted almonds. What the heck?! These sprouts are flipping delicious. Didn't see this coming, but the sauce perfectly complements the roasted veggie, and the onion and almonds add texture. Going to try to replicate this dish at home!
SALMON SASHIMI WITH CAVIAR: fresh, flavorful salmon wrapped with onion chutney, topped with caviar, and placed on a slice of cucumber. The artful presentation was as good as the flavor. Be sure to use the accompanying lemon wedge, as the burst of acidity elevates the flavors.
TIGER ROLL: Only Katsuya can put shrimp tempura, truffle oil, and caviar in my sushi- AND make me like it! I don't even understand how everything works together but it just does. A stand-out roll for sure. 

Starck has made a modern space with traditional, custom accents to perfectly showcase the upscale take on sushi presented here. The service is friendly, but unfortunately I had significant difficulties receiving a dish I ordered. 

TLDR:
The chawanmushi was ordered as an appetizer. Halfway through my entrée, I asked my server to check on it and he admitted he forgot to put it in.  He added it in and assured me it would be here soon. After a considerable wait, it was removed from my bill for the inconvenience, and I was assured it would be out any minute. Bartender was extremely embarrassed and apologized profusely, and I ultimately left over an hour after placing my order- and never received the dish.  Mine is not the first to mention significant delays and miscommunications between the servers and kitchen staff."
"Came for the Bratwurst Stuffed Pretzel featured by Thrillist- a beer-cooked brat on a house-made pretzel roll, topped with sauerkraut, bacon, onion, and mustard. The sausage was tasty, the bun held up well, and the plating was pretty. Added on a side of fried pickles, and they were thick-cut and clearly fresh-made. There are local beers on tap, and we had a great amber ale. They serve several of their dogs wrapped in naan, which is a fun twist we were looking forward to trying with another order. 

The pickles were amazing but the dog was served at roughly the temperature of the sun, and had so much mustard on it that it was a terrible mess to eat. And then we saw a hair on it. At first I thought it was probably my own from rearranging and photographing my food, but when we cut the dog to share it, my guy found another that clearly was not mine. We didn't touch our food after that, and opted out of the donuts at the adjacent shop as well. Staff didn't say a word as we left after ten minutes and only half our meal."
"Is Sweet is a sweet find! Hidden in Chinatown (across from SF market, just after ABC Auto) is a cute and clean spot for coffee and desserts. Menu includes espresso drinks, milk teas, and even smoothies. Desserts are limited but good quality, available for dine in or packed to go. 

The Strawberry smoothie was amazing, and the taro milk tea was flavorful and NOT gritty like other places. I did find it odd that there was no mention of boba on the menu. Tried a slice of cake that was quite good, it wasn't labelled but I believe they called it a coffee butter cake?

Staff is as sweet as the treats! If you can't find the location, call and they'll provide detailed directions. They have several special offers for their grand opening, including BOGO drinks (make sure to remind them, I was charged full price) and 30% off with social media check in."
"Are you running low on BCAAs or scraping the bottom of your jar of Nuts N More? Well, forget the days of following annoying ""fitness"" accounts on Instagram and sorting through the spam ads to get discount codes- come here and get exactly what you need.
Regular prices are about the same as you'd find with a discount online, and there's obviously no shipping charge or free-ship minimum, and no delay to get your goods! Add in that the shop is fairly well organized, there are no annoying sales guys pressuring you into unnecessary purchases, and you get free samples with each purchase-- what's not to love?!

Additional notes:
This spot has the lowest price and largest selections of hemp protein and C4 that I've found in town, and the only place that seems to stock Cellucore HD consistently. If you need enough whey to last a small army through nuclear Holocaust, stock up here. 

Do not be intimidated to come here. Yeah, I'm sure they get a lot of 'roided-up bro-science types, but the staff are chill and helpful, and I've seen all types here from kooky old hippie ladies to wannabe fitness Barbies whose perfect manicures have never seen a deadlift. Plus I shop here, so you know their standards can't be too high. ;)"
"I'm not a hookah fan, but I love Mediterranean food and Paymon's came highly recommended- the cozy interior is intimate enough for a quiet date, a family dinner, or a birthday celebration with friends. The menu offers an odd mix of Mediterranean, Italian, and vegetarian dishes, with higher price tags than I initially expected- but the quality is also much higher than I was led to expect!

There are several kabob plates, the KOOBIDEH PLATE  ($13) is solid with sides of saffron rice, house salad, and roasted tomato. By far my favorite dish here though, is the EGGPLANT PITA WRAP ($9) with roasted veggies, feta, and pesto sauce. Add on a side of ATHENS FRIES ($3) with their unique dipping sauce, and ask them to bring some tzatziki too. It's a flavor and texture explosion, in the best of ways.

They also have different spices, cookbooks, and gifts for sale right inside the front door. Takeout service is quick and friendly. Wednesday evenings there is a local's appreciation discount."
"So disappointed to have to update this review and downgrade my rating. I've been here several times but recent visits don't measure up to the first few. Portions are still huge and pricing is still fair but actual food quality has decreased and service has gone down. I can no longer recommend this place.

Went yesterday for a birthday brunch with a group and they were good about working with a variety of dietary restrictions and a few latecomers but across the table, food was unseasoned and/or undercooked. Garlic fries were flavorless with fried garlic underneath the order where it did no good. Potatoes were hard and flavorless. Vegan chilaquiles were dry. Despite multiple reminders, toast for one order was served after the meal was finished. There was no record of the real maple syrup that was specifically ordered (and charged for), and when asked, staff just brought the regular stuff instead. Cutlery was never received, had to grab from another table. Overall, very underwhelming."
"The desserts here have almost rendered me speechless- they're that good! Luckily I'm typing.

 I found this place looking for a treat while in the area for work. It's inside the Cannery West shopping mall area as a tiny kiosk right inside the door, decorated in lots of pink and Jenny is there with a smile. She was just unpacking and setting up at 11AM when, and she was happy to chat with me about the company she and her mom started, baking alcohol into sweet treats fresh every morning. 

I opted for the PB KITCHEN SINK (cookie bottom with brownie top, peanut butter cup in the middle and on top), which was huge and delicious- BF inhaled it. Anyone allergic to peanut products should just give up on life for not being able to partake of such deliciousness.
Also got the IRISH STOUT- giant, fudgy brownie infused with Guiness beer and topped with a dollop of frosting. BF went nuts for this as well, as he is a chocoholic. It was a bit too much for me, but flavors were good.
Lastly, with our purchase, we got a free new item Jenny and her mom are trying out: an ORANGE CREAMSICLE cookie sandwich. It is heavenly and was by far my favorite, with sweet cookies (possibly a blondie?) that were so soft and chewy, my favorite cookie texture! The light but sweet cream between wasn't too sugary and only had a hint of orange flavor, courtesy of the Grand Marnier they are spiked with. Divine!

Thrilled to have found such a secret sweets spot!"
"This cute new juice bar opened by one of my gyms and I had just had to check it out. They have bottled juices and fresh-made smoothies, everything organic, all with fun names and tasty flavors. Samples are available for you to try before you buy, and the gal I worked with was super sweet.

The Purple Rain (coconut milk base) was my first pick, and was great before, during, and after my workout- frankly the portion was more than I expected, which makes me happier about pricing. Dine-in version is served in Mason jars with optional whip for those who are indulging a little bit. The Chai and Cherry Bomb juices are both unique and not too sweet or too bitter, but their cold brew coffee was even better than either."
"Cluck yeah, fried chicken! The newest spot to hit downtown Summerlin features the Bromberg brothers' take on your favorite fried feathered friend, available in tenders, wings, and sandwiches, with sides, salads, and sodas. That's a lot of alliteration.

SANDWICHES: The classic Blue Ribbon sandwich is a solid offering with special sauce, while the Bluebird kicks it up with blue cheese, red onion, and bacon. The chicken for both was super-juicy without being greasy, but the breading didn't adhere very well and the chicken itself didn't have much flavor. I appreciate that the blue cheese on the Bluebird is more of a sauce than crumbles, allowing for more even distribution of flavor.

SIDES: A small is just under $4, while a large is just over $7. Steep. Mashed potatoes didn't taste instant but also weren't worth the price. The small fry is a huge portion of skinny-cut seasoned spuds, great for sampling all of their dipping sauces!

DIPPING SAUCES: BRBQ (bourbon-tinged barbecue), Chipotle honey (possibly my favorite), habanero hot (is hot), wasabi honey (very slight wasabi flavor), and a couple of others. I felt that the sauces were a nice touch, but wish the chicken itself had more flavor. The multitude of sauces seem to be compensating.

SODAS: Their fountain drink station features cane-sugar sodas. I'm not generally a soda fan, but there was no button for water so I sampled a few and was surprised to really enjoy them. The ginger ale, crème soda, lemon-lime, and black cherry, in that order, were my top picks. There were a few I didn't try.

SERVICE. Here's where I'm torn on what to rate this place. I understand I went on their second day, but I experienced a few hiccups (charged incorrectly, then brought the wrong order). However, management was quick to apologize and fix the issues, and the service from one employee in the dining room in particular was awesome. Rounding up for that dude.

Overall, this spot is a bit overpriced for what you get, but it's in downtown Summerlin so no one's really surprised. Recommend the wing lunchbox combo (5 wings, fries, and a drink for $8) for a better value, only available 11-3PM, Mon-Fri.

EDIT: Dropping a star. Returned for another visit, still had issues with my order. This time I didn't bother bringing it to their attention. You've been open two months and the kitchen still doesn't know the menu? Retrain your staff or hire new people who care."
"I am not in Mcghie's target audience. I don't own a bike, a board, or skis, and I've done a good job at avoiding snow altogether for the past couple decades. But an impending holiday ski trip was what brought me in their doors.

I called ahead to see if they had clothes or just equipment, and they do have both- stock of women's wear is surprisingly large, from foundation layers to vests, coats, and pants. Price ranges are beyond my comprehension, but again, this isn't my forte. I happily found two large clearance racks with enough selection to  spend 45 minutes in the dressing room and under $100 for an outfit.

Service was largely absent for the majority of my visit- I browsed, pulled clothes, and helped myself to a dressing room. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, sometimes I really don't want to be hassled by well-intentioned sales people. I finally encountered staff at checkout, who praised my deal-finding skills and were friendly to boot. Posted notices inform shoppers that sales and events can be found on their Facebook page."
"I heard great things about this bakery for ages before I made it in myself- and it completely lived up to the hype! From cookies to cakes, truffles and parfaits, this place has everything you could crave and then some. Lots of seasonal goodies are available, like ginger bread men and bonbons decorated to look like Christmas tree ornaments. Store itself is small but makes good use of their limited space.

Bonus star for great service: employee heard it was my first visit and pointed out some of her favorite treats, then offered us a sample of their tres leches cake, one of their best-selling items. I'm not a fan of wet cake, and tres leches desserts and I declared a truce long ago... but I wanted to be polite so I tried it. And holy moly, NOW I get the appeal of this dessert! Not to mention she gave us the entire little cup from the display case, rather than the bite on a spoon I was expecting. Decadent!

In addition to the tres leches cake, the cupcakes are pretty good too (marble cake was especially moist with a fudgy frosting), and the lemon bar was a surprise hit."
"In an unassuming and rundown plaza, a new pupuseria popped up this summer. I put off visiting but once I finally did? Mindblown.

In addition to pupusas, they have a menu of Mexican meals with seafood and grilled meats. Pupusas are the star though, and they're great: got the queso camarones (shrimp) and queso frijoles to try (beans), and both were ample sized, well-priced, and stuffed with toppings. Salsa and slaw on the side, salsa is practically a puree but flavor is awesome- not too acidic, not to spicy, perfectly balanced. These are pupusas I'd get again, and it's rare for me to say that.

Also opted to try some stuff on the appetizer menu: there's a yucca frita dish with pork (can't remember the exact name), served with a chopped salad and more salsa. The yucca and meat were crispy, could have used a tiny bit of seasoning but I was pleased that they weren't greasy. Cut of meat (small chunks) was very fatty, but I think that is specific to the dish not an error on the part of the kitchen.

Lastly, I tried the tamale elote con crema- basically a corncake wrapped in a corn husk, made with masa flour like a tamale. This was not my kind of dish, as it had a sweetness to it and I don't like sweet corn. Not a bad dish though, and texture was good.

Pupusas are $1.50-3/ea based on toppings, and again, are of good size and are amply stuffed. Yucca app was about $8 and portion made that fair- plus it's a bit rare to find yucca in town. Tamal was maybe $2? Food easily could have been a lunch or two, total price was about $15 with tax. Interior of restaurant appears to include a small dance floor."
"There are few things as satisfying as getting what you want, and sometimes, you really want pizza and nothing else will hit the spot. The gooey cheese and crunchy, chewy crust paired with a hint of acidic tomato sauce? Damn. Anyway, I wanted pizza, bad, and the Yelp app turned me on to this spot.

Thankfully, they sell by the slice (even during dinner hours!), so I didn't inhale a whole pie- but I could have. Added pepperoni and mushroom to my slice, sprinkled on a dusting of garlic powder and parm, and got down to business. It was so freaking good I had to make myself leave before I ordered another. And now I have difficulty shopping in the area without making a stop!

Other cool stuff: they have daily lunch/dinner specials and Wednesday is kid's night, where they can come in to watch a movie at 6PM and make their own pizzas for like $6. Not bad!"
"Quintessential dive bar, complete with awesome food, courtesy of Naked City Pizza. I have no idea how they would survive without their partner business, or whether they've ever tried. Lord knows that's the only thing that brings me in!

Lot is on the small side but I've never seen this place particularly busy. They have a good pool of regulars, and everyone I've seen behind the bar has been polite. There isn't much in the way of décor, but they can mix up anything you could want. I'm not there enough to know about specials or events, but their pricing is on par with other neighborhood bars."
"Used this Enterprise branch following a collision. My insurance handled everything and Enterprise picked me up from a nearby garage using their valet service. Pickup and dropoff of rental were both quick and easy, staff both times were friendly and thorough. My vehicle, a Ford Edge, was in great condition and I had no issues with it. Location is in an industrial area by a lot of car dealerships, they seem to be fairly busy but office itself is on the smaller side."
"Coffee and desserts. Overpriced for both. 
IIly coffee served here, with seasonal treats including pastries as well as gelato options nothing that really stands out. Expect a large drink to run you $8 simply because there are no other caffeine options in the Cosmo. Service was nonexistent. Chairs are extremely uncomfortable."
"I came here for a Yelp event and was underwhelmed by the namesake product. I came again as a paying guest and was again underwhelmed. I guess I just don't really care for their pizza. Slices do not stand out as anything worth going out of my way for, downtown or otherwise. It's cool to see several different pizza styles under one roof, but it almost seems as if there's too much variety for the kitchen to keep up- crust is flavorless, pie was dry and undersauced. The meatballs are amazing though, and I made the appetizer my meal."
"After reading Kevin's review, I made a point of coming here to get my phallic fix. Unfortunately, Jozo didn't really do it for me. Location is small with limited group-format seating which isn't super welcoming or comfortable for solo visitors. I also didn't care for how dim the lighting was in here, they're going for an intimate ambiance I don't really associate with boba tea. 

I originally bookmarked this place as a coffee option, given it's the first thing mentioned in their business name. The coffee options are limited with boba and milk teas being the focus, which is fairly new to the area. I found the product a bit pricer than warranted, with my All Nighter coffee plus boba coming to a hair under $10 with tip. The glass bottles are a fun touch but I'd rather have a full-size cup instead.  Props for offering protein as an add-on,  future visits will likely be paired with a stop at the EOS next door."
"I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again, but the tiny White Castle-esque burgers have good flavor. The fries are also spot-on: skinny and salty and a tiny bit limp.  Pricing is fair and they currently have a Groupon up.

Location leaves a lot to be desired- yes, it's in a gas station convenience store. But it's also kind of a seedy intersection and a run-down plaza, with a vaguely dirty store. The Quickee area also is oddly blocked off with dine-in counters but no stools?

Not sure if I was shorted the drink with my #2 combo or if it somehow doesn't come with one, but adding cheese is essential to maintaining the WC taste. $6 for the four-piece meal is not a bad lunch."
"It's pretty rare for me to go to Fashion Show Mall, but when I do, Green Crush is a staple- for about the same price as anything on a Starbucks menu, you can get a massive, refreshing fruit-based drink. For those who truly hate shopping, you can even add shots. The drinks are solid, and the prices are fair with only a quarter difference between the small and large so you might as well splurge.

But they really need to figure out their payment situation. I've only been able to get a drink here twice in recent memory because they have signs up that they can only accept exact cash- either their card reader is down or someone's lazy about getting change, or both. I rarely carry cash, so it makes me physically unable to make a purchase. I don't know how they're able to stay open limiting their transactions that way."
"Came by for breakfast after a 5K with Cassandra B- originally, the race organizers had planned for food and drink specials here at Gold Spike, but when we arrived, none of the staff were aware of anything of the sort. We ended up at The Grill to grab a bite for breakfast, and it was pretty average.

I'm not a huge breakfast fan, and I typically choose not to dine out for that meal as options are limited and the food is generally pretty standard- it's hard to screw up the usuals, and often even more difficult to make them stand out. That said, Cassandra's pancakes were downright bad while my simple breakfast burrito was nothing special.

Service needs to step up- even if this is down by Fremont, there's a certain standard that should be upheld. We were some of the only breakfast customers when we first arrived, yet it took unreasonably long to get our order and it was difficult to get our server's attention to communicate our issues with the food. Not worth another try with options like Eat, Rachel's Kitchen, and MTO so close by."
"I heard about this spot opening up so I came by after a workout at the nearby LVAC. The Beef Bomb sando that they're known for is a hefty sub filled with beef, grilled onions, mushrooms, peppers, and bacon with tomatoes and provolone. It's pretty tasty and I like how cheesy it was, but the beef wasn't seasoned. There also seemed to be mayonnaise on the sandwich, which I do not care for and was not mentioned in description. That said, there's enough on the menu that I'll probably come back and try another sandwich again soon enough.

Since the restaurant recently opened, management was circulating and getting feedback. No one approached me, which may have been an oversight. I would suggest adding silverware to the drink station (had to ask an employee for it from behind the counter) and adding window shades, as the dining room was quite sunny and warm. Hoping they do well in this spot!

TIP: Bring in your LVAC ID for a discount. Wish I'd been asked, considering I came in wearing workout clothes. They also have wheat bread available, but you have to ask for it."
"Pretty cool place in theory- Giant Jenga and Connect 4, cornhole, ping pong, chalkboards, foosball, and other assorted games indoors and outdoors. The back patio area was especially nice, the bed in the lobby was bizarre.

Service was not attentive- there was a mix up about an event, but we spent significant time in the bar without being acknowledged, and service at the Grill restaurant on site was painfully slow (40 minutes for breakfast).

Meals were hit or miss- I enjoyed the breakfast burrito with bacon (though it did not have the cheese I ordered), and really liked the salsa it came with, but Cassandra's pancakes were pretty bad.  I did not drink, so I cannot speak to their alcohol.

Cool place to have fun with friends but not a place I'm rushing to return to."
"Third time's the charm! Escapology is the third escape room business I've been to and the first one I've successfully made it out of- not that it was any easier than the others. Experience here was so positive that I've now been by twice, once with coworkers as a team building activity and another visit as a date. If you successfully make it out, you get a group photo and a jelly bracelet as your prize, with record times kept on an online leaderboard, and a discount card for your next visit!

The two rooms I've done so far are Narco (you've been kidnapped by a drug lord and need to find the evidence to put him away) and Antidote (search a mad scientist's lair to cure a deadly virus)- both rooms were well organized with high-quality decor and design for a convincing experience. The puzzles and riddles were difficult but not impossible to figure out, they made sense rather than just being deliberately difficult. Made it out of both rooms but with 5 minutes or less to spare!

The two things that stand out most about this business are the attention to detail to create an engrossing experience and the customer service- a game master is watching you while you solve the room, providing nudges as needed and providing feedback so you don't get totally stuck on something minor. Great experience, looking forward to coming back for the Budapest Express room!"
"I am such a fan of Hummus and thrilled to have this new location in Summerlin! Menu can be overwhelming on a first visit but essentially you're packing all your favorite mediterranean ingredients in a pita or a bowl. 

My ordering tips: shake it up and ask for your greens on the bottom, then half-and-half rice and lentils, THEN the hummus, so it mixes into your other ingredients instead of sticking to the sides of the bowl. Pick your protein (halloumi and falafel being my go-to), then add on as many toppings as you want. I typically get the harissa and garlic sauces on the side for dipping.

TLDR:  I can easily eat vegan or vegetarian here without even realizing it and be just as satisfied- everything is super fresh and portions are very generous, a $10 lunch can last all day."
"I swear I didn't grow up under a rock, but I have no idea what or who Brodard's  is. But I came here on a whim and ordered the famous Nem rolls (first item on the menu!) and now I'm totally on board the Brodard train.. wherever it's going.

The dipping sauce is fantastic, the mix of meats doesn't sound like it would work but it does. Add in fresh herbs and spring roll skins, and you've got a great snack or light meal for under $6- but I'm confident you couldn't actually share these with anyone, so either don't let anyone taste them or order a separate plate for each diner. Next visit, I plan to try out some of the other rolls, particularly the eggplant version."
"This is a weird part of town for a wine bar, but their selection is pretty great... when it's in stock. They had an amazing-sounding Malbec on special, but they were out of it when I tried to order. And I was the first customer of the day. 

They have a great list of lunch specials, from $6-10 apps, soups, salads, and sandwiches, to pastas in the $10-14 range: extremely reasonable pricing. Quality is decent, items we had were hit or miss.

MUSHROOM & BRIE GRILLED CHEESE: Name is a bit of a misnomer, as this sandwich didn't appear to be grilled at all, but how can you go wrong with cheese and mushrooms?! Massive amount of cheese, plentiful portion of 'shrooms, buttery bread. 
ITALIAN WEDDING SOUP: This was an unusual take on a classic soup, with tons of fresh, shredded chicken and only two or three tiny meatballs? Lots of fresh veggies (carrots and spinach) in this dish though, and a generous portion for $6. Broth was perfectly seasoned.
CHICKEN PICCATA: A delicious version of a classic dish! Thin chicken cutlet is nicely seasoned in a flavorful sauce with al dente angel hair. Simple and well done.
PASTA SALAD: This was the featured side of the day, with my sandwich, and I did not care for it at all. Rather than an oil-and-vinegar or Italian-dressing-based mix, this was made with balsamic vinegar? Flavors did not work for me, though I will say the portion included several large pieces of artichoke, which was a nice touch.

Service was professional, interior is nicely appointed and on the upscale side. Though pricing is great for lunch, this seems like more of a date-night spot- and that's what I'd come back to try. Along with a glass of that Malbec."
"After living in the Bay area for 6 months, I was aware of Lee's Sandwiches as a chain. But somehow I never made it in to visit. I was pleasantly surprised to see their familiar store fronts when I relocated here- and finally swung by this evening for dinner.

Pricing and variety are good, with both European and Asian sandwich options- I chose the #6 bbq pork, and added on a 5-piece order of hot wings for $3. Not bad at all. Total order was under $8 and even though signage is posted about $10 minimum for credit cards, I was not hassled.

As I waited for my order, noticed several other menu items I'd consider coming by for in the future: steamed buns in a warmer by the front counter, various Asian grocery store snackfoods, and cold coffee drinks available with boba- yum!

Order was up quickly, sandwich was gigantic  (10 inches!) and wings were tasty. Considering they were ""hot"" wings, flavor was not spicy at all, but they were not bad. Sandwich was large enough that I barely managed to eat half of it, though a good inch and a half at each end was just bread and no filling. Way too much daikon was on my sandwich, giving it a mostly sweet taste with no attempt at balancing flavors- bread and sweetness overwhelmed."
"Bizarre location at an outlet mall-same typical inflated prices as other non-outlet locations. Really disliked how half the store is packed with boxes right at the front display windows- guess they don't have a stock room?

Several employees just standing around, far too many for the size of the shop and the limited amount of foot traffic this place seems to get. 

Store isn't juts vitamins though, has an expanding section of beauty products, including shampoos, conditioners, lotions, scrubs, and cosmetics. Don't recommend buying here though, since the products are taped-shut- wish they'd put out a labeled tester bottle for each fragrance, as few are inclined to buy without knowing that major aspect of the product."
"Good atmosphere, pizza by the slice available even at night! Too many places only offer slices for lunch specials, which is ridiculous. The dimmed lighting, bar seating, and friendly staff really make this a lounge.

Standard cheese slice is $2.50, extra toppings available to add on for 50 cents each- liked that the pie wasn't as greasy as others in the area, but felt it was a bit dried-out. Could use a touch more cheese and sauce.

The staff are really great here though- welcoming and friendly, which I don't see nearly often enough in Vegas. Menu also includes a bunch of tasty-looking sandwiches, as well as calzones/strombolis, and desserts."
"New Chinese spot- they specialize in lunch specials and takeout, but food quality is better than your average mom-and-pop Panda Express. Food is fresh and menu has more options than expected, including boba drinks and spam musubi, but dishes are of the more Americanized style that is all too easy to find elsewhere.

Lunch specials are around $7, dinner specials are $9, but I opted to try the lettuce wraps- available in chicken, shrimp, vegetable, or combination. I found it odd this dish was listed in the ""Chef Specialties"" section, but the $9 chicken portion I received was enough for two meals with several lettuce leaves, more than enough filling, and a giant heap of rice.

Note that though they highlight their takeout and low prices, but food is cooked to order and it can take a bit longer than you might expect. Consider calling ahead if you're in a hurry.

EDIT: This is now my go-to boba stop in Summerlin, because it's always perfectly cooked. The huge NY style eggrolls are awesome and packed with bbq pork and shrimp, two easily make a meal!"
"Guy Fieri's judgment can be pretty hit or miss, but the other reviews for this place are pretty accurate: the pork chili verde is their best dish, offered as an omelet and over hashbrowns. If you're a breakfast person, maybe you'll prefer the omelet but I got that and wished I'd had the 'browns version.

Chili is delicious: flavorful and meaty, with just a bit of heat! Pairs perfectly with the texture of the hashbrowns and topped with cheese. I deconstructed the omelet and mixed everything together, hence my recommendation for the hashbrowns version.

Rye bread, as Norm said, is cut entirely too thick- so much so that it went uneaten at our table. Biscuits and gravy dish was okay- biscuits were fluffy, gravy wasn't gluey but was a bit on the bland side. Best bet is to stick with what they do best: the pork chili verde!

Friendly staff, kitschy décor, and bacon Bloody Marys are the other strengths found here! Worth the wait, particularly since there are so many little stores nearby to browse."
"I love sushi, but my body doesn't really like all of the rice- so I try to find AYCE spots that offer riceless rolls. Unfortunately, Kaya is not one of them. However, they balance this out by offering one (5 piece) order of sashimi per person, and a grill/skewer portion of their menu, in addition to the usual apps, nigiri, and rolls. For those who love carbs, there's also a soup/noodle section available. Pricing is a bit higher, but you have quite a bit to pick from.

APPS: The sashimi plate and sashimi poke were both pretty solid, with generous portions of fish. The ""lettuce wraps"" app isn't the typical version with ground chicken and vegetables, but features crab, avocado, cucumber, and tempura veggies in lettuce cups, which is at least kind of close to a riceless roll. 
GRILL/SKEWERS: We tried all of the items marked as ""one per person"" (garlic, bacon/scallop, bacon/asparagus, beef tongue, etc). We didn't really care for these items but liked having them available for something different.
NIGIRI: Fresh with surprisingly thick cuts. Rice wasn't too heavy but also didn't seem to have much flavor. The salmon, halibut, and uni quality all surpassed my expectations (better than average for AYCE) but the amebi (BF's favorite) was super tiny and bland.
ROLLS: We tried the White Vegas and the XXX2 rolls, the former a bit spicier than the latter, neither one especially packed with rice as we've experienced elsewhere. I'd consider coming back to try more.

I was surprised by how nice this spot was on the inside- high ceilings, cute kitschy decor, and a bar area with TV showing an NBA game. Pricing is a little higher than usual: $58 before tax/tip for dinner for two."
"I love the idea of open-air malls with great landscaping and design, but I'm interested to see how successful the idea is once the summer temperatures roll around again. Unclear why the grand opening date was moved up with so many spaces still vacant or not yet open, but this place is already quite packed.

Good mix of high end stores and your usual mall haunts: Forever 21, Hot Topic, and Torrid coexist alongside BCBGMax Azria, The Art of Shaving, and JJill, among many other stores. There are a few casual eateries open (Zabas, Crazy Pita), and some others that have yet to open (MTO Café, Wolfgang Puck).

All in all, it's just another massive mall.
I will say though, considering the pedestrian fatality rates here in Vegas, there needs to be an increase in safety signage: even my cursory driving around to explore allowed me to see that many shoppers were just blindly walking into intersections, due in part to cross walks not being clearly marked."
"The inside of this bakery reminds me of a Disney movie- and I'm fairly certain Sleeping Beauty would rather be woken up by baked goods falling into her mouth rather than an unwanted kiss from a stinky prince. Who knows where he's been?! 

But Sleeping Beauty must be addicted to sugar if this is her sweet shop of choice. The sugar cookies and white cake I sampled were one-note, super-sweet. Good frosting, but the cookies by and large were not my bag. $4 for a cookie that only seems to have flavor in the chocolate or peanut butter chunks is a waste. The cake pop was also similarly flavorless, in that their featured chocolate flavor was very flat-tasting. Nice presentation, but lacking the quality to justify the prices. 

Service was sweet, friendly, and eager to make recommendations. I like that they sell gift items rather than just baked goods. I'm intrigued by the push-up cake pops and truffles, but I'll save those for another visit, after my doctor verifies that I haven't contracted hyperglycemia from the samples."
"The lone boba option on this side of town (that I've found so far), it's certainly easier to pop in here than head to Chinatown. Love that they have fresh fruit available! Menu includes milk teas and slushes, made with fresh fruit when possible.

Taro flavor is not one that is available fresh, obviously- not too fond of the mix they use, or rather the way it's mixed. Flavor is fine, and the texture isn't too gritty, but the bottom of my cup always seems to have a ton of boba and liquid at the bottom with the slush sitting on top of it, and weird chunks of clumped flavor where the two mix. Not a great experience- making my go-to boba drink not my preference here.

Service is fine- quick and to the point. Decorative fountains and screens are a nice touch. They also have a high-end espresso maker, seems this is also a good place to get your coffee fix though I haven't yet had it here."
"Part holiday decor shop, part general girly gift shop, part discount treasure trove, only available for select seasonal hours! I wish this shop was available year-round because it's so fun to browse and find great items at incredible prices! The product quality and discounts are about on par with HomeGoods, but with a side of personable service. Plus, supporting a smaller local business just feels better.

I came in intending to grab a wreath and left with a basket full of gifts for family, coworkers, fellow Yelpers, and even myself, for just over $30! The holiday items are bumped up to 70% off as the holiday approaches, and there is a great variety of ornaments, signage, props, and indoor/outdoor decor to make your home a welcoming holiday hot spot. 

But they also stock non-holiday items like jewelry, decor, baby items, and general trinkets that are fun for adding character to your house or just gifting to friends- note that there is a heavy hand of estrogen in the place, so you will probably need to head elsewhere to cross the men off your shopping list."
"I work in Summerlin and this is a convenient PO for dropping off packages. The line can get long but when I've gone in the early afternoon, they're fairly well staffed and employees are friendly. I've been in and out under 15 minutes, which isn't bad considering lines at other locations. Double check online if you're sending packages, the flat-rate box may be a cheaper option than using your own- and you get $1 off if you're sending to an APO!"
"I've only been here a couple of times, but Flower Child is one of those places I've recommended to nearly everyone I know! The fresh, healthy menu is perfect for hot summer days and anyone who cares about what they put into their bodies. They have tons of options for customizing orders or compatibility with specialized diets, with vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free logos on the menu, making it easy for everyone. Location is super cute and staff are helpful and friendly- when the line is out the door (their lunch rush is no joke!), they expedite by reserving tables in advance. 

So far, I've liked everything I've tried- the Strawberry Fields salad is fresh and I love the addition of mulberries, the Thai Dye wrap with spicy tofu is perfect for Meatless Mondays, Skinny Cobb tastes better than the full-guilt versions elsewhere, and the avocado hummus is a must-get every time. Check out the bowls and plates if you have a heartier appetite. 

I'm usually a water-only kind of gal, but this is one place I'll splurge for a drink- they have a variety of house-made concoctions with fresh fruit, no sugar, decaf, etc and they've all tasted great so far!"
"Turkish ice cream is known for having a unique texture- I've never had it before and found it interesting but not quite to my personal liking. They only have four flavors (vanilla, strawberry, Turkish pistachio, and Belgian chocolate), menu is simple and prices are reasonable. 

Texture/consistency is stretchy and gummy, kind of like taffy, less creamy than one might expect for ice cream.  This gave the chocolate flavor almost a fudgey mouthfeel. Pistachio flavor was very light, had bits of nut inside. The smoothness almost made me think more of a gelato than ice cream. A mini with both flavors was $5, and plenty for BF and I to share.

The ice cream stand itself has a giant amp blasting traditional music- it's a bit too loud. However, when you order your ice cream it is scooped out with a little dance in time to the music, which is kind of fun. I might crank down the volume a little bit though.

NOTE: They do have a check in offer for a free (BOGO?) mini as well as a $30 for $20 Yelp deal available."
"Yardbird is relatively new to the Venetian, specializing in fried chicken and other southern goodies. Prices are reasonable, and most portions are meant to be shared between 2-4 people. I dig the large mason jar lighting fixture in the main dining room, and the overall modern-farmhouse theme.

DEVILED EGGS: A simple hit, classic dish with fun presentation. Trout roe is a nice touch, portion of four egg halves is $10.
FARMERS SALAD: There's another hardboiled egg here among the greens, along with a parmesan crisp and a Vidalia onion vinaigrette. Definitely order at least one salad if you're sharing entrees as a group, to balance out the heavier, greasier dishes.
SMOKED BRISKET SANDWICH: An interesting take with pickled veggies, and melted swiss but minimal, understated barbecue sauce. Not a favorite at the table, though it was loaded up with plenty of meat.
CHILLED WATERMELON: Fun jenga-style presentation but underwhelming flavors. Seasoning was too subtle and what was there was unbalanced and not complementary to the natural sweetness of the fruit.
SHRIMP & GRITS: Easily the best dish at the table, with an ample, saucy portion of Nora Mill Granary grits topped with chopped Virginia ham and perfectly-cooked Florida shrimp. There wasn't a drop of this left.
LLEWELYN'S FINE FRIED CHICKEN: Mixed feelings around the table about this. Thin batter, crispy skin, moist meat, but it didn't really wow anyone. We couldn't put our finger on why. Lacked the crunch and flavor expected for Southern-style chicken. Wasn't bad, just wasn't particularly good, either.

 Wish I'd had room to try the Fried Green Tomato BLT or the mac and cheese, but our meal was rich enough already without those dishes. Overall, more misses than hits here. Service was attentive and knowledgeable. Note that brunch is offered Fri-Sat-Sun."
"It is currently Fiesta in my hometown of San Antonio, Texas and though I am not there, I am empathetically craving gorditas, which are readily available from street vendors and at festivals. Unfortunately in Vegas they're far harder to come across. Luckily I was working on the east side and Ranae W reminded me of this spot.

Abuela's is clean with a simple menu of tacos, burritos, gorditas, and combos. They also appear to have recently added enchiladas, another favorite of mine. Order at the counter, help yourself to the salsa bar, and wait. My takeout was ready quick and the ladies who helped me were friendly. 

I tore into my order- 2 gorditas, one asada on corn and the other barbacoa (another hard thing to find in Vegas) on flour, $3.75/ea. If you're familiar with arepas, they're a similar pocket filled with beans, cheese, lettuce, tomato, sour cream, and your choice of protein. The corn holds up a bit better and the asada is more flavorful but both were large and filling, but I'd come back to try the lengua or shrimp."
"Bok bok, who's there? Bok Bok Chicken recently opened, serving up fresh-grilled rotisserie chicken and healthy Mediterranean meals. The local chain is family owned and aims to open 4 more spots in quick succession, and if opening of the first shop is any indication, they'll be ""chicken"" butt and taking names soon.

The rotisserie chicken is by far my favorite meal here so far- juicy, tender, delicious, and sided with an incredible toom (garlic) sauce. As other reviews point out, this certainly isn't the only chicken shop around, but I like the menu here overall. Meals are sided with hummus, mutabbel (think babaghanoush), tabouli salad, house-made pickled turnips (with a nice kick of horseradish!), and a great, moist, long-grain rice that I really liked. Their stuffed grape leaves and lentil soup are also really good.

I do wish their pita bread were a bit thicker, as a recent beef shawarma wrap totally fell apart. I have not yet tried their falafel or desserts, but I will be back soon to do so!"
"I'm not a vet, but I have a joint account here. I rarely need to go in person, but when I have, staff have been prompt and professional. Account maintenance is easy and everything's accessible online. Had a fraud incident and they made contact immediately and double-checked that no other last-minute transactions or anything were needed before closing the card and overnighting a new one. The parking lot is usually a disaster, which is another reason I usually avoid going in person."
"Cute little toy store- great for picking out gifts for friends or kids, or friends with kids! Lots of items here will appeal to young and old alike, with old school board games and vintage cartoon character figurines (Hello Kitty, Domo, Mickey & Minnie) mixing with classic Etch-a-Sketch and educational doodads (bug magnifier, anyone?). 

Modern stuff includes hats and masks, Frozen-themed light-up magic wands, and random Pokémon-esque characters I've never seen before. All the kids in the store looked like they were having an awesome time exploring, and as an adult, I was too.

Pricing is mostly reasonable, as many of the items are hard to find, limited, or only available online. Exercise caution when taking your kiddo in though, they're going to want everything they see."
"Standard breakfast offerings with low prices and great service- this place frequently makes the list of top restaurants on Vegas' Yelp homepage and even made the list of top 100 restaurants on Yelp for 2014. But I'm not sure they live up to the hype.

I'm not much of a breakfast person but I love a good breakfast burrito- opted for one here and the tortilla was soaked in so much grease that I went through several napkins wiping down my hands after each bite. The tortilla was so soaked that it was transparent in parts. The filling had a limited amount of flavorless cheese, plus peppers and onions, but was virtually void of salt and pepper. Bacon was requested well-done but seemed undercooked and added no texture to the dish.
I did not eat or save the second half of my burrito as I'd originally planned. For $7 I wasn't particularly bothered.

This may be a great place for an omelet, but it's pretty hard to screw up an omelet. Portions are decent and service is friendly, but the breakfast burrito shouldn't be on the menu if it isn't done well."
"Welcome to Meat Mecca!

Before we even left Texas, my boo was raving about the meat here- he and a friend used to live in Vegas and apparently came here (to Larry's) so frequently, that anytime we barbequed, they would reminisce about this place.

Fastforward to present day. We moved here like a week ago and have already tried to go by twice- forgetting to check their hours and address, leading to a few disappointments. But we finally made it yesterday afternoon. And I ""get it"".

Went for a pound of the preseasoned meatloaf, a 1.75 pound sirloin, a pound of the chicken-parsley-cheese sausage, and a couple of stuffed porkchops for good measure. Needless to say, BF is  making dinner for the rest of the week. Oh, and did I mention all of this cost a mere $26, including tax? Killer!

Now, you would think I'd wait til after we ate everything to rave about it, right?
Well, I went to bed early (teacher lyfe!), and BF couldn't restrain himself- I woke up to the smell of chicken sausage in the morning, and grabbed a few bites before heading out the door. So, so good! I'm sitting here wishing he'd drop me off a plate for lunch..."
"PLEASE COME TO VEGAS! 
S&G is awesome. There's no way around that. It's a fast food salad option, except the salads are fresh-made, huge, and delicious. It's actually not ""fast food"" in any way but convenience. They have a walk-up menu and drive-thru, and they even open at 6:30AM so you can grab your bfast or lunch on your way to work. You really have no excuse not to.

Their salads are great- seasonal options, unique combinations like strawberry and roasted sweet potato, housemade dressings, all in huge portions. A friend of mine actually manages to get two meals out of each salad. Add on your protein for under $3 (EVEN SHRIMP), and it's a generous amount. AND THEY HAVE VEGAN PROTEIN. 
Not into salad? That's not all they have. There's a kids menu, soups, sides, smoothies, desserts, and an all-day breakfast menu. It's ridiculous, and everything I tried was ridiculously good. Even if you don't buy into the whole ""salads are healthy!"" thing, the nutritional info and calorie counts are posted and you can add, subtract, or substitute ingredients to make a meal that matches your dietary restrictions or health goals. 

Service is super friendly and, my favorite part, prices are extremely reasonable. I visited multiple times during my trip to Phoenix and also grabbed extra lunches for work on my way out of town. Full sized salads, with added protein, around $8 apiece. Again, I repeat, PLEASE COME TO VEGAS! Literally the only downside about this place is that I am physically prevented from visiting due to the laws of geography. 

Favorite items: Caprese salad without the balsamic, seasonal chicken and rice soup, the creamy Greek vinaigrette, turkey-cucumber wraps, Cobb plus chikn for hella protein, apple-walnut salad sub feta for the bleu, their OG ""thousand island"" dressing made with fresh herbs, added pea protein in the smoothies...

TLDR: It's uncharacteristic of me to visit a fast food restaurant, let alone to review it, but this place is so good that I want them to move next door to me so I can give them all of my money. I would seriously consider franchising one. Ownership/management, your move."
"What do you get when you combine German, Italian, and Hispanic heritage with PCOS? Female facial hair. It's probably my #1 body issue, and I've attempted combat with creams, tweezers, lotions, potions, and various infomercial products. Nothing worked and it was the first thing my eyes went to when I looked in a mirror. They say no one notices your insecurities but you, but after a certain point that's just not true.  Enter Beverly Hills Rejuvenation Center.

I've been through 6 laser sessions at their gorgeous Boca Park office. Staff are polite and professional, and my techs Natalie and Daisy were always attentive to detail and careful to balance strength of treatment with what worked best for my skin. The heat-based laser is slightly painful but nothing unbearable. Six months in, and I've seen great improvement- hair is sparse and light, no redness or scarring. I did not realize how much this minor physical issue stressed me out until it was gone. Highly recommend to anyone else dealing with this issue."
"VGK mania has taken over Vegas! I didn't attend any games, or watch more than a few, but I'd heard the craze for kids and adults to learn to skate and play hockey had really taken off. A friend planned a visit here for us to take advantage of open skate, and for all of us it was the first time in at least 5 years we'd set foot (or rather, blade) on ice. This might be a more fun experience when observing a practice or going with kids.

PROS:
+ It's a cool (pun!), modern facility. They've been open a year or so and are already repainting and remodeling ""to add new features and create a better guest experience.""
+ Ice itself seemed well maintained and skates were in good condition (whole sizes only), 2 rinks, with seating available to view.
+ VGK gift shop and a restaurant are also on site, complete with a view of the rink, daily specials, and happy hour 3-6PM.
+ Staff were polite and helpful at check-in and rental counter.

CONS:
-It's summer in Vegas and you'll work up a sweat even in the cold rink area, but BYOB because the water fountains barely let out a trickle.
-No lockers to store your stuff while you skate. Staff said they used to be available for $10/ea but no one used them so they were removed (rather than lowering to a reasonable price?).
-Ice is maintained but not monitored during free skate, with kids all over the place and teenagers haphazardly trying to do tricks or even just laying on the ice. Didn't see any injuries but it wouldn't have surprised me, either.
-Rink observation seating is limited, and it's backless bench seating, which gets uncomfortable quick.

TIPS:
*Use their site to plan your visit. Free skate only available for certain hours, certain days. The ones I saw were 1.5 hour blocks, one AM session and one PM session.
*If you bring your own skates, it's $2 off the regular $12 admission."
"Now that temperatures have dropped for fall, it's finally acceptable to eat soup for every meal. I have come in a couple of times to this family-owned Vietnamese spot, initially because the location was convenient and again because the food is good.

The menu is pretty standard for a pho place, with the expected soup and noodle dishes. They also have a few Lao dishes, with a coffee (SO GOOD) and a homemade jerky. I ordered my go-to dishes here and they were well done- the app trio has a good variety at a reasonable price. My favorite soups here so far are not the pho but the Me Kah Tee spicy curry noodle soup- they don't hold back on spice, and it has a good amount of noodles too. Service is friendly and attentive, location is clean and recently remodeled- nicer than most pho spots."
"I'm all for small business, local and minority-owned. I'm all about empowering immigrants to grab their American dream! But if you own and run a donut shop and know such limited English that you cannot comprehend my order, and I have to use fingers and hand gestures, you should be paying someone to run the counter. That's all I'll say about the service.

I had high hopes when I saw the word kolaches in the sign- but the kolaches here are an asian take on them, with tiny hotdogs wrapped in croissant dough. They're sad and small and not worth the $1.20-2.50 they cost. You can do better for less, locally.

But the donuts here are pretty dismal, too, despite being the alleged highlight. Holes are barely more than dough with very little sugar or glaze; other options are similarly tasteless and nothing in the case is visually appealing."
"First off, don't be discouraged by the line, it moves fast and you can still be in and out under an hour so you don't get charged for parking! Cosmo has done a great job bringing in great dining options representative of spots across the country- Eggslut (from LA) is known for their breakfast sandwiches and oozy eggs. Expect a 10-20 minute line to place your order, but good comes out pretty quick and you'll down it fast.

I've come by a handful of times and the consistency is a bit off. I know they're busy and working fast, but the eggs have been cooked over hard on half of my sandwiches, which is a bummer. On the bright side, despite the high prices (just under $10 with tax), they're not stingy with toppings- my bacon, egg, and cheese is usually stuffed with several strips of bacon, and friends have reported the same results when adding ($3) it to the Fairfax."
"One of the less trafficked locations in town- I work within two miles of the place but didn't know it was here, there isn't much signage around the area about it. Makes for a faster shopping experience with less people.

All the same great TJ products you're used to, in the same general floor plan. Staff at coffee/samples counter are super nice, and this location seems to have more cheeses on display in the dairy section than others?"
"Chef Marc has been the go-to guy for great off-Strip Italian. His previous endeavor, Parma, was a favorite of mine for lunch and now his great pasta dishes are back for dinner at Trattoria. 

PORTABELLA APPETIZER: This is a must-get dish. Spinach and mushrooms in a creamy, cheesy sauce. What's not to love?! It's an indulgent start to your meal or potentially a vegetarian entree.
MUSSELS IN FARRO: fresh-shelled mussels in farro with beans, decently made with a garlicky broth, no different than other mussels apps elsewhere but good.
PAPPARDELLE WITH ROASTED CAULIFLOWER: Add the proscuitto for $4 to make this better. The ribbons of fresh pasta are wonderfully delicate and have perfect cook and texture. Sauce is light and buttery, the cruciferous vegetable and fatty ham work well together.
FEGATINI DE POLLO: Think comforting spaghetti dish, but with chicken liver and a mushroom sauce, plus green beans and speck. It's hard to picture but was our favorite dish on our first visit.
RUM CAKE: Light and moist with a frosted edge and fresh berries. The description provided by our server was a bit vague but this was a great pick over the usual (but well-executed) tiramisu or creme brulee. 

The food is awesome. Worth waiting for, but better if you make a reservation. Prices are great for the quality and portions. As others have said, they could use an extra server at times, but Marc himself checks in on diners and ensures that things go smoothly."
"Fist of Fusion is a great spot for a first date to screen someone for their relationship potential. Long story short, if a guy can hang through a trip here AND you get some action afterward despite the garlic breath from the Shrimp Plate, he's a keeper. 

The Steps:
1. Insist on driving. If he doesn't complain about your speed/music selection or repeatedly ask why you're passing several other Hawaiian restaurants on your way to this specific place, that's common sense AND compatibility.
2. Insist on getting the Shrimp Plate. If he doesn't bitch about it being the highest price item on the menu, you're off to a good start. Bonus points if he takes your recommendation and orders the same thing, and then doesn't complain if you steal a shrimp off his order. Sharing is caring!
3. Chat through your meal and if you're still feeling it, refer to the first paragraph. Garlic is amazing and if that's a deterrent for him, he's not worth it anyway.

For real though, the Garlic Shrimp Plate is amazing- ~$14 for about 10 shrimp, doused in garlic, with plenty of rice, a scoop of mac salad, and a little bit of greens. The shrimp are large and fresh, and have been cooked perfectly on my two trips out here so far. 

The menu isn't all classic Hawaiian, they feature Filipino and fusion items too. I keep meaning to try the chicken wings and the Notorious RIB burrito (complete with mac salad INSIDE THE TORTILLA) but the shrimp keeps winning me over. They also have elotes!"
"I am not a club person by any stretch of the imagination, but a friend set up a girl's day here at the day club through a promoter so I slapped on a fake tan to join in on the fun. The entrance is right by the Block 16 food court, and there's an indoor area with AC and water if you need to escape the sun for a bit.

A group of 12 of us shared a cabana- the size probably should max out closer to 8 to be comfortable. The prices for their pool menu seemed fair for the Strip ($15-20/pp for a lunch), food was fresh and out quick, vegan options available. If you go early, there is a limited time open bar promotion you can take advantage of (I don't drink), and they have iced water available in dispensers. They played a variety of music, ie not exclusively hip hop or EDM, etc. The later you go, the hotter it gets, and predictably the more crowded the pool gets. I left by 3pm and that was a good amount of time for me. For best experience, utilize a promoter."
"""Love at first bite"" is scrawled across the outside of the truck, and it's a pretty accurate assessment. I had heard good things about this brand but gave up getting to try the product since they are from out of state and only come to town for annual food truck festivals... but last weekend, Chris V posted a photo of their waffles on IG with an alert that they were here for the day! 

Naturally, I dropped everything and headed over. The truck is painted in a cute and eye-catching desert theme with hearts, and the service is as sweet as the treats. At the staff's suggestion, I ordered their most popular waffle, the Red Wonder (Biscoff, fresh cream, strawberries and raspberries, $9.50). I was delighted by the temperature contrasts of the fresh, warm waffle and cold, thick cream. The cookie butter was a nice touch of savory to balance things out, and the fruit was fresh and plentiful. It was so good I joked about coming back for another..

Three hours later, I returned for the Lemon Berry Love (lemon curd, cream, raspberries, $9.50). The waffle was light and chewy, and the cream was cold and fresh, but I didn't enjoy the flavor of the lemon curd as much as I'd anticipated. My BF preferred this one to the former, though. 

We have a few places in town that specialize in waffles, but none do them as well as Waffle Love. I wish they came to town more often, but for now I'll just have to appreciate them as an extra-special treat when they roll into town!"
"Crawfish, appetizers, and Abita beers- you'll find me seated at the bar cheering during LSU games all fall. Quality of dishes and freshness of seafood are on point and service is southern-style friendly.

Recommend:
CRAWFISH by the pound- didn't specify any flavoring because it is perfect as-is. Good portion size, variety of sized 'fish (some bigger, some smaller), hot and fresh.
CRABCAKE- delicious on top of a frisee salad and with an L-shaped drizzle of lemon-mustard mayo sauce that perfectly complements the flavors, nicely crisped. 

As for entrees, I was less impressed. Quality and freshness are still there, but this part of the menu is overpriced for the small portions.
SHRIMP & GRITS- $17, too much gravy and too little grits left me with a puddle at the bottom of my dish. Five flavorful, blackened shrimp were plenty, but grits were a smear in the middle of the bowl instead of the star. And they were gluey.
JAMBALAYA- $11, served in a tureen you might find a side of asparagus in. Packed with flavor, added ""extra"" shrimp for $4.20 and got a total of 4, not sure how many come with the dish regularly or if ""extra"" is meant to mean ""add some to it in the first place.""

Décor is on point and in keeping with true Louisiana style, but Ambiance of the restaurant was more like a slightly-rowdy bar, due in large part to the riotous group seated beside us, screaming with laughter. Good times a-rollin' here.
Will come back for LSU games or a poboy lunch, but not for dinner."
"The downside to dating a guy from Russia? In addition to constantly fielding ""mail order husband"" jokes, I also developed a taste for caviar. Following the breakup, it was more difficult (read: expensive) to get my fix. Luckily I have a friend with expensive taste who found a Groupon for Red Square so we headed in for a date night.

Menu has a good mix of classic Russian staples, with some dishes modernized for the American palate. Overall the food was hit or miss though-
HITS: the caviar tasting with blini is a great introduction to the quality levels, cheese bread boat is delicious with fun presentation, potato puree side with caviar is a must-order
MISSES: scallop crudo tasted very fishy so it was sent back, hot grilled octopus was plain and overcooked and oddly plated on a cold potato salad (olivier?), sturgeon blini had a vodka sabayon that was grossly sweet and ruined the balance of the dish

The location is cool and cozy, dimly lit with spacious booths and an underground-bunker feeling like a speakeasy. There's also an ice bar area available with vodka tastings. The service was just okay- polite but stiff, annoyed that they tossed the Kachapuri dish on the table and immediately started stirring, missed opportunity to film video. When we mentioned this, staff seemed clueless and responded with, ""oh, oops."" Apparently this place has been open for quite some time though (15 years?!), so they must be doing more right than wrong."
"Pit 702 is a boxing-focused gym with boxing, MMA, and self-defense classes for kids and adults. They also offer a crossfit-boxing hybrid class called crosspit. I worked with a few different instructors and met the owners, JC and Eric, who have worked hard to make a gym that isn't just a place to work out but a space with a positive energy and an emphasis on community. 

The women's self-defense classes are reality-based, and open gym time is available to practice. Though the instructors are all male, they are professional and respectful about ensuring classes are comfortable for all participants. Additionally, classes are kept small for individualized attention. 

TIP:  student, first responder, military, and hospitality industry discounts available."
"When there are triple digits outside, I basically replace meals with icy beverages. Enter Buzzd, offering milk teas, boba drinks, and alcoholic concoctions that combine both, right on the strip next door to Tacos El Gordo. It's win/win.

Their featured specialty drink menu is very short but the Cha-Cha-Chamango is my new summer sipper of choice, with the classic tamarind straw and spiced fresh fruit. I also tried the But Then I Got Hein (beer + green tea + boba), which was surprisingly refreshing and the Meemosa (champagne + passionfruit + bursting boba) which is interesting for something different. They also have standard milk teas, slushes, and shakes, as well as a limited food menu- the watermelon slush is my favorite, if you don't mind an extra touch of sugar!

TIP: Park in the lot closer to Wynn, grab tacos next door before or after!"
"Let's get one thing straight: I am not a fan of warm ham. Thanksgiving is for turkey, not spiral-sliced. But this place is a great spot to grab lunch. Sandwiches are huge, soups are good (particularly the potato and the ham/cheese), and they have several grab and go items as well.

Join their e-club for a coupon for a free ham sandwich- it's gigantic, probably what killed Mama Cass. You'll get another on your birthday. This particular location has a Yelp check-in offer for a free soda + chips, so grab a cup of soup and this can easily make two lunches for under $4. I feel like the turkey is even better than their namesake ham sando, but they're both large and fresh. The ham has a honey-mustard sauce that adds just the right amount of sweetness.

Service is polite, location is clean. I won't line up around the block to buy a full size ham here, but it's not bad for lunches. They also have pies and various condiments/seasonings for sale as well."
"Mercadito initially rolled out their marketing with the slogan, ""The Best Thing To Come Out Of Mexico Since Salma Hayek"", which sadly built up a hype that didn't really deliver once you dined here. The drinks are crazy-strong but the food portions and pricing are a little ridiculous for the off-Strip location.

Street tacos aren't bad: Baja and carne asada are both really tasty, but unless you have some sort of comp or discount, the portion isn't worth the price. Adding on a side of chips and guac is always a good idea, but the pina is a lot better than the traditional, which has a spicy kick some might not appreciate.
As for drinks, lots of different margaritas are available with flavors and spice levels, but the Little Market drink seems to be my favorite while the Misty Sleeve is my guy's. 

Check the website for discount HH times, they also have an industry night for those who qualify. The tacos are tasty and the drinks are strong but I won't pay full price for either of them here."
"I love Indian takeout, and there aren't many places to get it in this area- until now! This business has a mix of traditional dishes (bowls and apps) and some fusion items (sliders?!), they do takeout and catering- the latter seems to be their focus. Interior is clean, I like the chalkboard menu.

CHICKEN MASALA BOWL with rice ($9) is a flavorful, dinner-sized portion, with low heat. Added on VEGETABLE SAMOSAS (3/$5), appreciated that they weren't greasy but the filling was a little bland. GARLIC NAAN ($2.50) is tasty. Giant feast, under $20- adding another app would have made it enough for two to share.

This business currently has a $20 for $30 Yelp deal available, and a check-in special for Yelp Elites to get a free menu item up to $7- pretty neat!

Everything was pretty good until I found a large piece of plastic in my food.

EDIT: Management response has to be a joke. I know the difference between plastic and a bay leaf. I regularly cook with them too, and I know to remove them from food before serving."
"Fabulous place to stop for a night on the town with visitors!
Found this place via recommendation from other locals, wouldn't have known about it otherwise. Gorgeous view without a price- aside from the drinks, of course. $15 a pop is pretty standard for casino bars in the first place, and few of them have a view that compares.

Our cocktail waitress, Sega, was attentive and personable. Setting is quiet and intimate, and there is a HH available with food and drink specials.  
Can recommend any of the drinks we tried, all were surprisingly good: Chocolate Masterpiece (dessert drink), Blue-tini (not too sweet), white peach margarita (better than a classic, though they can make that too), Elevated Sangria (with plenty of fresh fruit), Scottish Mule (my favorite)."
"I guess I expected better (more organized, more updated, more food options?), considering Vegas is largely hyped as the Convention Capital of the World. Interesting educational side note: Atlanta actually has roughly the same square footage of convention space as Vegas, but it's significantly less popular.

PROS: 
Lots of parking (which they don't appear to charge for?), convenient downtown location,  accessible by the monorail, helpful staff directing traffic at entrances, clean facilities, Starbucks on site, looks small on the outside but it's actually pretty massive.

CONS: 
Typical overpriced and poor quality convention food available, less options than expected (previous restaurant in lobby by Starbucks is now closed), limited signage to navigate your way around (hence the need for helpful staff), outdated bathrooms.

I rarely attend conventions to begin with, and I appreciate the business ($$$)  that conventions bring to our city, but considering planners have several options for convention centers here in town (most of the hotels have space, Sands center, Cashman is available, etc.) I think this one needs to step up their game a little."
"Part venue, part breakfast spot, part community gathering place- Kaffe Live kind of has a lot going on. Their live music and open mic nights definitely make them stand out, but they still seem to be finding their footing in the kitchen.

I've come in for breakfast and the coffee is just okay- good pricing and a variety of flavored syrups for your latte, but some difficulty executing orders correctly. The Kaffe Bowl is a great breakfast option, adding mushrooms, avocado, and ham made it really filling, but it would have been better if they'd remembered the gravy and queso sauces I'd asked for on the side. 

Returned for a takeout order with a Groupon, placed a large order that was mostly correct. It appears their sliders have been removed from the menu so your lunch choices are various sandwiches. The tuna on ciabatta was tasty, with carrots and sunflower seeds, but the buffalo chicken wrap was unexpectedly heated- not so great when it includes lettuce, which turned slimy. The salmon bagel was tasty though, and something I'd get again. 

Service was really friendly on my first visit when I worked with the owner, who was happy to tell us all about his new business. Location needs to consider kicking up the food quality or expanding the menu, as they are very close to another stellar breakfast and lunch option. Note that they do have beer and wine available for evening events."
"Pupusas here are just okay- they have a takeout special for 12/$12 but if you're not feeding an army, they'll run you anywhere from 99cents each (no specified filling?) or $2/each for the revueltas (my preferred flavor). 

Not located in the best area, but cozy enough inside, I found that staff do speak English despite reviews to the contrary. However, 20 minutes to receive 2 takeout pupusas seemed to be a bit much. Oh, and they charge $1 credit card service fee. Order was hot and greasy, but filling was minimal and pupusas seemed doughier? Didn't really care for them, but might keep the $12 bag in mind the next time I'm invited to a potluck."
"Bethany E went an entire YEAR without eating pizza for 2017. This impressive achievement meant I totally had to take her out for a noteworthy slice, and La Bella Napoli's unique raccheta pizzas fit the bill: they're shaped like a tennis racket with a cheese-filled handle and named after the tennis tournaments. We opted for the Australian, as that's what was playing, and it was the best combination of flavors from the other options we were eyeing, with yellow cherry tomatoes, parmesan, salami, buffalo mozz, basil, and olive oil. We also had their Fritto Calamari & Scampi app and shared La Bella salads, for a meal that left us absolutely stuffed.

The pizza was the highlight, with a great crust. As others have remarked, this is cut in an odd way with only two slices, so we had to hack and tear at it a bit. Flavors were solid though, would order another pizza in this style. The salads were super fresh and flavorful, with just the right amount of dressing that it was evenly distributed without being in a puddle. The surprise of our meal as the calamari app, which is a giant portion served in a giant martini glass, with a few shrimp thrown in. We could have easily shared this massive meal with a third person, but everything tasted so good we just couldn't stop eating!"
"Ode to a Biloxi Chicken Sandwich-

To those who compare your greatness to ""Chikfila on Crack"", I thumb my nose. Your crispy exterior is the perfect texture, the pure definition of fried chicken. Your moist interior is most complemented by your buttered bun, crisp pickles, and expertly-seasoned coleslaw. I, not a fan of coleslaw, delight in the acidity and brightness it brings to your fatty-delicious flavors.

And oh!, the house Durkees dressing: so reminiscent of a honey-mustard sauce!, the sauce that makes this sandwich so much more than a sandwich! Coupled with this sauce, you, dear sandwich, have that certain je ne sais quoi that makes me keep coming back for you over and over again, despite the pleas of other appealing menu items.

Alongside you is Elizabeth's Caesar salad, a disconcertingly simple combination of crisp kale Romaine lettuce, shaved parmesan, and another delicious sauce concoction: black garlic dressing. Oh, were I a rich man, I would pay quite handsomely for your recipe. 

Perhaps someday, an evil soul with a genius culinary mind will combine your flavors of crispy-juicy chicken and pungent, flavorful garlic sauce, to create another savory sandwich. Until that day, however, I remain true to you, beloved Biloxi buttermilk fried chicken sandwich."
"Came in for HH with friends when other plans fell through: called the Ora Sociale, from 4-7pm daily, there is a food menu and 25% off drinks in the bar and lounge area. I've heard great things about this place, and their HH in general, and was surprised to see that they weren't busy.

DRINKS: The Chianti by the glass ($13) is tasty, as was the Ciao Bella ($14) cocktail that I sampled from a friend. The drink discount is helpful, because HH food prices are only valid with a drink purchase.
ARANCINI ($6): Portion of four rice balls served with a truffle-tinged dipping sauce. These were a solid carb-o-licious option. 
POLPETTINI ($5): Portion of two meatballs, really tasty. Save the red sauce for dipping for your bread basket, it's good.
CALAMARI FRITTI ($8): Nicely crisp, mix of rings and baby squid, tasty marinara dipping sauce. Hard to go wrong iwth this dish.
CAPRESE SALAD ($5): Tiny and somewhat boring portion, two pieces of buffalo mozzarella and a wedge each of red and yellow tomatoes. Maybe their classic Ferraro salad is a better option.
SALSICCIA PIZZA ($10): San Marzano tomato sauce, mozzarella, sausage with rapini and Calabrian oil. The sausage is not spicy, don't let that turn you off. Pizza is a decent size for sharing, crust is thin and crispy. Overpriced though IMO.
AGNOLOTTI ($7): Got this after seeing it recommended in a recent article, portion is two large ravioli stuffed with spinach, mascarpone, ricotta, and mortadella with a light tear-drop tomato sauce. Not sure I'd get it again necessarily but it was good to try and the pasta itself was fresh.
CREPES ($12): From the dessert menu. Two rich Nutella crepes served with vanilla ice cream. I'm not  a dessert person, so this wasn't my pick but it was good. I'd see if they have a lighter fruit-based option instead.

Service was attentive, especially when it came to drink refills. Food came out fast, most prices were fairly reasonable (exceptions being the salad and pizza). They weren't busy for HH but definitely picked up around 6:30 as the dinner crowd started coming in. Note that there are several small dining rooms/nooks for a special occasion or family dinner. There's also a bathroom attendant, which I found odd. Undecided on whether I'd come back for dinner."
"I'm as shocked as anyone that I've made the half-hour trek across town to try these cookies not once but twice in a single week. I notoriously prefer savory over sweet but Crumbl won me over with their aggressive social marketing and cute branded packaging- somehow I can't resist those pretty pink boxes!

Across a couple of visits, I've tried their classic sugar cookie (love that cherry almond frosting!), the seasonal peppermint bark flavor (too dense for me), the muddy buddy (one of our faves!), and the Nutella Sea Salt (worth the splurge).  Check their website for weekly featured flavors!

I'll state the obvious here and say that $3 for a cookie is a little steep but these are huge- props if you can eat a whole one in a single sitting, because I would be physically sick. Helpfully, the more you buy, the more you save, which is why I always seem to walk out with a $10 4-pack even when flying solo. These cookies also keep well, tasting fresh and staying soft even a couple of days later! Looking forward to trying their NW location, which is much closer."
"The next Saturday morning that you find yourself bored or otherwise without plans, head to Tivoli Village for the Fresh52 farmer's market from 9AM-2PM. I don't care what else you do while there, but make sure you seek out Garden Grill!

Menu is exclusively vegetarian and vegan items, largely composed of Mexican-influenced dishes. Go for the tacos. Specifically the beer-battered avocado (crispy, creamy perfection!) and/or barbecue jackfruit (surprisingly savory!). Try one of each for only $7. If you're really starvin', add a bowl of their pozole!"
"Dutch Bros coffee originally started here in Phoenix- even though they've expanded across the west coast and I've visited before, I was told it was necessary to stop by when in town. This location in particular is stupid busy- the drive thru line stretched around the building, out the parking lot, and down the street, obstructing traffic. I'm told this is normal.

Their menu is pretty straight forward, over-sugared coffee drinks with a few snacky food options. Their secret menu can be found online, with drinks like the Ninja Turtle (chocolate and mint with caramel). I tend to stay away from such caloric concoctions, but tried a tea thinking it would be a safe choice- it is still flavored and sweetened with something (raspberry?), so consider yourself warned if you're a purist who appreciates the taste of actual coffee because it's hard to find here.

Service was friendly, but when your lines are that long, you need to be faster rather than striking up a five minute conversation with each transaction. They seem to have a lot of staff, but efficiency is not their strong suit."
"Solid-ish sportsbook, if you're not drinking or eating. Lots of screens, seating isn't exactly comfortable but there are two or three different types of chair styles to pick from as well as booth-style seating along the back wall.
Nothing different from any other 'book for placing your bets. Sometimes you'll luck into a free drink coupon with your bet though, which is a plus.

But the bartenders in that particular area are surly and rude- coming up to get a drink to two guys standing together, one rolled his eyes at me and gestured to the other bartender when I tried to place my order. Not sure if he was the bar back and not the bartender proper, or if he was off the clock, or just didn't want to deal with me, but an eye roll is not the way to handle that.

And $9 for a bottle of Corona is bullshit. Expected, but still bullshit."
"Surprisingly good burgers- then again, the restaurants at the Cosmo are generally of a high standard in the first place so it stands to reason that this one would be as well. 

In addition to burgers, menu includes shakes (duh), various appetizers, salads, and sliders. Note that shakes are available in regular as well as alcoholic versions.  Ironically, I found that the beer menu available here was more impressive than that found at B&B: Burgers and Beer.

The Fun-Ghi: Beef Patty Topped w/ Forest Mushrooms, caramelized onion, Gruyere cheese, frisee, & Truffle mayo. Sorry Anthony Bourdain, but I'm on board the truffle appreciation train, and this is flipping delicious. Would get this again, without hesitation.

The Longhorn burger: Beef patty topped with Texas smoked beef brisket, whiskey barbeque sauce, coleslaw, and dill pickle. This was BF's choice and as a Texan, I'm a bit more discerning about my brisket. A tasty choice, but not something I'd order again.

Appreciated that all burgers come with a side of fries- upgrade to onion rings or sweet potato fries for a $2 charge. Even given Strip upcharges, felt pricing was fair for portion and quality given here. Service at the bar was friendly, attentive, and helpful with suggestions for a good beer based on our drinking preferences."
"Yet another review to say that the customer service needs work. I came by today for a latte after finding this place on the Yelp app- it's still difficult to find, as it's in a nook of the plaza and can't really be seen from the street.
I guess their exterior signage is still being developed, because right now there's just a tarp printed with ""Coffee & Waffles"".

Went in and there seemed to be some sort of lounge affect going on. I made my way around a group of women clustered near the entrance talking, perused the posted menu, then stood behind a guy chatting at the front counter for a good five minutes before the woman he was speaking to realized I was a paying customer, and said she'd help me. 
I find it a little tacky that the employee (who seemed to be one of the co-owners) was not more attentive to the fact that I was waiting in line to place an order.
As it is, she excused herself in such a way that I felt I was inconveniencing her. 

Regardless, I ordered a skinny vanilla latte- originally planned on getting a sandwich, but it seemed this would have really been a problem to her, so I just stuck to the drink. It was tasty, even if the foam was overflowing along the lip of the lid.

Found a table of samples toward the back as I waited for my drink- the cinnamon sugar waffle and the bacon-cheddar waffle were both really flavorful, though the former was nice and crisp while the latter was more on the limp and soggy side. 

Location seems like it'll be good for students, and they seem to have a lock on the niche market- doubt bistro waffles are offered anywhere else nearby. Hope they succeed, maybe I'll be back when they work out the kinks- namely waiting for the novelty of business ownership to wear off enough for them to prioritize customer service. Their product seems like it'll do well."
"Get your yum cha on at Yum Cha! Came with a group for a daylight savings dim sum brunch. There are carts, hot pot items, a cafeteria-style counter, and a full menu for special orders and entrees. They seem to have a few more traditional items than the few other dim sum spots in town, but unfortunately even with the selection YC isn't about to compete with CA's shops so scale back your expectations.

Some favorite items were the radish cake (so crispy!), the chive pancakes (stuffed with filling!), the taro dumpling (crispy without being greasy), and the lava custard bun (a new item for me). We also got some of my go-to orders of hargow, shrimp and chive dumplings, shrimp rice noodle, and BBQ pork bun. Unfortunately, I was disappointed with some other items: salt and pepper calamari didn't have much salt or pepper seasoning and the Xiao Long Bao soup dumplings weren't soupy, for example.  

Food quality was pretty decent for most items and the service was really a lot better than I've experienced elsewhere- cart ladies were helpful about showing and describing their items, constantly giving drink refills, clearing plates, and asking for additional orders. Pricing was pretty fair too, at about $20/person for our feast."
"Heads up, if your car is stolen, you're still responsible for tow and storage fees, even if you aren't notified that the car was even found. It was an unpleasant situation that brought me to Ewing and the experience was frustrating. But at least their data entry person is faster than the police so you can find your car online yourself even if no one from Metro bothers to contact you.

Once your car is at Ewing, and you somehow find out, staff are not forthcoming with pertinent details, like the state of the vehicle or the overnight storage fee versus after-hours visitation fees. You know, the important stuff. But hey, there are only so many ways to say ""highway robbery"".

In any case, we showed up at their A street location only to be told the car is at their E street location- nearby but frustrating. Staff at both locations took quite a while to acknowledge us, process was slow but somehow we went when there wasn't a line. On the up side, we left after 5PM and didn't get charged an after-hours fee."
"This is my home gym- I'm here at least every other day. Like any gym, it's crowded between 5-8PM so don't be surprised if your group class has no elbow room. I tend to go earlier to avoid this. You'll have better luck finding a machine downstairs rather than up, though. 

Management is pretty good about repairing equipment, though lately there have been issues with the video/audio in the cardio area. Location is consistently clean, and they have an indoor pool, juice bar, and sauna, though I don't use any of those regularly. The indoor track is pretty cool and I appreciate the lap timer above. 

I really like the class instructors here, especially Alicia (bodypump, cx, kickboxing) and Kiesha (bodypump). I wish the front desk staff were friendlier- half the time, the girls don't even stop their personal conversations to greet guests as they check in. 

TIP: Pay your membership annually in advance for lowest rate."
"I love that Vegeway has opened in Vegas to give vegans a fast food option for their specialized diet and to allow meat eaters easier access to the occasional tasty, meat-free meal. I really enjoyed the burger I had at their first location (and raved about it in my review!) and looked forward to trying more of their menu here.

The burger did not live up to my memories- bun was dry, cheese was cold, whole thing was barely room temperature. It seemed like it had been sitting out, very disappointing.
I tried the popcorn ""chicken"" and curly fries- texture was okay but neither had much flavor. I like that they have a dipping sauce available at the drink station. Would like to see them offer ""chicken strips"" as an option in the future, and/or more dipping sauces.

Two ways in which this location favorably compares to the other is their service (much friendlier!) and this location feels more spacious. Parking is still a bit tight. Drive-thru available!"
"I was in the area for a work event and popped in to Kahuku for a poke plate for dinner. I'll be honest, their food photos are what initially caught my eye. Don't be fooled though, orders are not plated this pretty for paying customers- they're just tossed in a takeout box whether you dine in or not, which I really hate as styrofoam is so bad for the environment and rinsing a plate really isn't that difficult. But I digress. 

Ordered the salmon and ahi poke combo plate, $15. The portion size seemed fair for the price but the poke was SO SALTY. The sauce was overwhelming, and I found myself picking up each piece of fish, shaking the sauce off of it, and eating it with rice to make it palatable (I'd originally planned to take the rice home). I've made poke at home before and the sauce here seemed to be straight soy sauce with added chopped onions. The fish seemed fresh but the only times I've had poke sauces that overwhelming, it was to cover up the quality or freshness of the fish. Also, I know everyone has their own recipe but the mac salad was pretty bland. My $15 meal was just ""A-OK"". I might return for their garlic shrimp plate, since my usual go-to spot in town recently closed."
"I grew up in Texas, where we have Cracker Barrel restaurants, but I can't recall if I've ever actually been to one. A favorite Yelp friend invited me to breakfast to check it out and we had a pleasant, tasty morning.

We tried a couple of the larger sampler plates and tried a variety of dishes- my favorite was the hash brown casserole (get it cheesy!), as well as the pecan pancakes. The grits and biscuits are solid as well. Most breakfast plates have eggs and at least one of the meats, and the chicken fried chicken is a good choice (only on the Grandpa plate!). Whatever you get, the portions are huge, so come extra hungry or expect to leave with a takeout box. 

The biggest tip I can give is to go early (~8am) or on a weekday to avoid ridiculous wait times. If you do end up waiting, browse the country store or grab a rocker on the patio to pass the time. Even at the table, games are provided to engage with your group!"
"A meal with a show: Shang specializes in hand-pulled noodles, and the open kitchen allows you to watch this while you wait for your order. 

My guy and I shared the spicy won ton appetizer and two noodle dishes for lunch- the Shang beef noodle soup with hand-cut noodles and the chicken and mushroom noodle with knife-cut. Surprisingly, I enjoyed the knife-cut noodle more, it reminded me of a thicker pappardelle. Both bowls were generous portions, and the soup broth was fairly good. I do wish the chicken and mushroom bowl had a few more mushrooms to balance out the amount of noodle received. 

The concept, layout, and menu are very similar to Noodle Man but with a more convenient central location. Didn't notice any desserts, but they are right next door to Very Berry Cafe if you want to continue the Asian theme to complete your meal."
"If you have a day to seize, come here! Fuel up with cold-pressed juices, smoothies, or poke bowls. They also offer a couple of seafood sandwiches!

They currently only have a few proteins (yellowtail or shrimp ceviches, and salmon), so you need to choose wisely and your vegetarian friends need to go elsewhere. They do offer several unique sauces, and lots of toppings (three types of onions!) to customize your order. I really liked my order and would come back for more if they weren't so far away! The Boomshakalaka juice made a tasty breakfast the next day, too- love how they bottle in glass to grab and go from the refrigerator.

Service from Ben and Tida was friendly and the space has a great energy, if limited seating. Find their social media accounts for promos and discounts- I was able to try a drink and a large bowl for $19, and if you post them on IG you can get a free tonic!"
"I have no idea why this even has a Yelp listing- it's essentially the lobby area you walk through between the self-park/check-in area and the actual casino floor. There are real live plants and, during the day, sunlight- neither of which is all too common in casinos. But the area is small, and the plants are not anything spectacular or seasonally appropriate like the Bellagio Conservatory. It's easier to walk around this area than through it with so many tourists stopping to take a photo."
"Every casino has a 24 hour diner, this is South Point's. Lines move fast, food comes out fast, tables are turned over fast. As at similar places, the specials are generally your best bet. Daily lunch/dinner specials are a great value, good portion size with fresh food, $10 or less. But you can't really go wrong with breakfast. The ""side"" of biscuits and sausage gravy is hearty enough to be a portion. Omelets are standard but solid, easy go-to option if you're feeling indecisive."
"Late-night eats, retro Vegas style! The massive multi-page menu of diner-style food has something for everyone- but portions are so large you can easily share. If you want to get your drink on, the Lounge menu has cocktails.

Leave your diet at home and get a bunch of apps to share- the nachos are huge and the wings are meaty. If you want to be somewhat healthy, they have tons of salads. The side spinach salad has bacon and hard-boiled egg with a zesty French dressing. The fish and chips are huge and juicy, served with a mountain of curly fries. In the winter, get their hot chocolate with whipped cream for a sweet treat.

Service is friendly, they also have an in-house photographer who walks around. Interior is super fun, with neon lights, built-in trees, and large, cushy booths. Food comes out fast despite the crowds, but you're best off coming on a weeknight to avoid the drunk tourists."
"Herringbone is one of my favorite places to dine or recommend on the strip, particularly for seafood lovers. Their California coastal menu is packed with great choices that almost necessitate going as a group to try several dishes, but it's also a great date night space. Their gorgeous patio seating is perfect for brunch, too.

DINNER: First visit was for a dinner date. This was a while back and I don't remember specific dishes just that everything was great and we were both impressed. I'm not often a repeat diner at expensive Strip restaurants but from fresh oysters to dessert, everything was solid and I made a mental note to return.

LUNCH: Returned for restaurant week with Bethany E, shared the lobster roll and the burrata chicken sandwich (both just as good as they sound) with apps and dessert. Everything was SO good and a great value for the RW pricing, not to mention giving back to the local community. Portions are shareable, and the seafood in particular is a highlight. The desserts that were featured were gorgeous and unique, including a cheesecake topped with sorbet- doesn't seem like it would work but it was beautiful and delicious!

BRUNCH: Most recent visit was last weekend for brunch with a group of gals. Pricing is a bit high at $60/pp, beverages extra, but you get access to a buffet of salad, charcuterie, carving, seafood, and dessert stations, along with a menu of small plates from the kitchen that are included. Standouts from the buffet included the giant, plump cocktail shrimp and plentiful lobster tails (no butter though), smoothie station, mini poke bowls (so cute!), and crab legs, while the shrimp & grits, avocado toast (on rye!), salmon benedict, and fish tacos (cod) were all well-portioned, fresh, and flavorful. We didn't have room for the sliders, wings, or french toast that are praised in other reviews. It's a pricey morning, so maybe best for a celebration, but something I'd be open to going to again.

Herringbone is one of those places that performs so well, so consistently, that I would always be down for a return visit and recommend it without hesitation. Prices might be a bit high for regular dining but the quality has not disappointed and service has always been attentive and friendly. It's only a matter of time before I go back again myself."
"Sometimes you just need to get out of the city and out of your head, and this trail is a great place for that. Head out to Red Rock, hop on the scenic loop, and it's the last parking area. Hit the bathroom and head on in. 

The trail is rocky but manageable, and there are areas where you will be scrambling. The trail is pretty clear but there are areas where you might want to look around for easier alternative routes to get in and out of the canyon. The rocky terrain provides plenty of puzzles for your brain to solve as you navigate your way up to the falls. The views at the top are worth the effort, especially if you make it to the upper pools.

TIPS: Use a backpack for your water, snacks, etc so your hands are free to help with climbing, because you'll need them. Trail is kid- and dog-friendly, assuming you know and heed the limits of each."
"Came to grab a quick breakfast my last day staying at The Graduate Hotel. Upon entering, it was clear that the skeleton crew was overwhelmed by the couple of tables present. There seemed to literally be two people working the whole restaurant, including the coffee counter, kitchen, and dining room, at breakfast, on a weekend! Instead of dining in, I ended up grabbing a smoothie. The Purple Haze (closest thing to the acai parfait I'd originally planned on) was icy and flavorless. The discount for staying at the hotel was wasted, as I ended up tossing it out a few sips in."
"For now, I'm a fan of this location. It's convenient to my home/work, the equipment is new, and it's super clean because it just opened. I'm hoping I can still say all of this after six months to a year, since I haven't been impressed with older locations.

PROS:
+ Thanks for having a keytag to sign in. I don't need to bring my wallet or risk losing a tiny card.
+ Cardio theater. Who doesn't like to zone out to action movies?!
+ Lots of built in screens on the cardio machines in main gym area.
+ Lots of machines in general, including more squat racks than others. AND A ROWING MACHINE. 
+ Locker rooms have good lighting for makeup and/or selfies.
+ Love their towel requirement, even if some people don't use them. Towel service available for $5/mo.
+ Class schedule is gradually improving! I joined this chain for classes like P90X, Insanity, PiYo, etc and while there aren't tons, the instructors are cool. 
+ So far it's not very busy, despite being new and doing a lot of advertising. I never have to wait for a machine and I rarely have company in the locker room.
+ I don't use them, but there are basketball courts and a boxing room. The pool is still under construction. 
+ The app is appreciated. Class schedules for all locations with additional options for filming and tracking workout data, reserving a spot in class,  etc. 

CONS:
- There isn't much air circulation when the main doors are closed. Cardio theater has no ventilation at all.
- The app has a lot of stuff I don't need on it, but no way to find the schedule for the cardio theater? And I can't find it on the mobile site or posted at the gym itself either. Why not?
-  It's smaller than I expected (no designated floor/ stretch area?, turf area is really small, gotta foam roll at home), but apparently larger than other locations (Durango).
- There are little details I expected to be upgraded for a new gym that weren't, like lockers having built in locks and the water fountains having the bottle refill station.
- Either haven't found the TRX straps/equipment, or there isn't any, or it's only out when certain trainers are working. I heard it's there but haven't found it? 
- They really advertise the $10/mo membership, but really hesitate to reveal that it doesn't include any classes. For most guys who just want to lift, this is probably sufficient.

I'm pretty pleased for now but bracing myself for a decline if and when this location gets busier with time. I'm hoping they don't but if so, maybe some of the suggested changes above will be made.

EDIT: Wow, nice non-response from management. Thanks for acknowledging none of the suggestions I made. Sigh."
"My relationship with VLA has gone up and down over the years, but this new location really seems to be trying to do things right. The menu is affordably priced, whether you get an arepa ($5-8) or opt for a  whole grilled chicken meal (~$20, feeds a family). 

I come for the arepas and there's one for every meal- the Perico is a favorite with a breakfast slant, filled with scrambled eggs, tomato, onion, and ham. Add on a squirt of salsa verde every few bites and it's amazing! My lunch picks are the Reina Pepiada (which is like a chicken salad with avocado and cilantro) or the shrimp salad (fresh, plentiful, cold, consider adding avocado). Though the stuffed hand-held pockets look small, they pack a pretty big portion. The black beans and fried yucca are good add-on options if you're a bottomless pit or have skipped a couple meals.

The same sweet older guy is always working when I stop in. He's always friendly and the food is out pretty quick. Check the posters by the register for off-menu specials, like wings (10/$8) and empanadas."
"I've been in Vegas for almost two years, but just made it out to Gilcrease Orchard last weekend. I'm going to assume fall is the best time to visit for the pumpkin patch, wagon rides, and festive snacks, like caramel apples, apple cider, and of course... the famous cinnamon donuts! They were delicious.

The orchard has both street parking and a lot, with guides. Clear signage indicates where you can find each crop. For those disappointed with their pickings (or the lack thereof), common sense would be to come early for the best pickings and keep in mind that nature does it's own thing. It's not a malicious act of the owners to pick all the good produce or to lure you out here for no reason. Dial back your expectations.

Prices are pretty fair, and the staff I encountered were friendly and helpful.
If I had one suggestion, it would be for increased signage or laminated postings that indicate what to look for regarding ripe, overripe, or unripe vegetables (color, firmness, size, etc.) I grew up with a backyard garden and regularly hit the farmers markets but had some difficulty determining whether to pick or leave some of the product. 

TIP: Join the mailing list to get a weekly update of what's available, what's out, and any special events or closures."
"You wouldn't know it from the outside, but inside a regular old business park is this gorgeous dance studio! Beautiful flooring, built-in barre, walls of mirrors, and even some natural light all create a wonderful space for practicing your choreography or taking classes.

I initially came in for a PiYo and Vino event (so fun!), and despite the trek across town, really loved the space and the energy I found here. They offer a variety of classes (ballet, tap, jazz, hiphop, ballroom, ShBam, PiYo, etc), along with private lessons and choreography, and their staff are professionally experienced dancers and teachers from Cirque, Broadway, and classical training backgrounds. 

Pricing is reasonable for the level of staff qualifications, and the fact that classes are small and allow for individualized attention. Their unlimited monthly membership is the best deal, but drop in classes range from $12-15, which isn't too bad. Rawlins, Kristen, and Shanta are among their great instructors."
"The mismatched tables and chairs with several coffee cups, teacups, teapots, and clocks as decor make this place sparkle with a subtle Alice in Wonderland in an antiques store vibe- fittingly, it's also quiet and perfect for studying!

I initially popped in for coffee, surprised to see a variety of specialty beverages. My Islander Latte (with rich coconut flavor!) was impressive enough to prompt me to order food. The Texas Scramble was tasty with marinated roma tomatoes, onions, and mushrooms, served with perfectly-crispy potatoes. My guy's Belgian waffle with fresh fruit was flawless.

I returned for lunch, and was thrown off by the Mediterranean menu of kabob plates and appetizers. I ordered a trio of snacks and was pleasantly surprised by the chicken-potato salad (similar to a Russian oliviet), a fresh Shirazi salad, and a savory eggplant-garlic dip, all served with plenty of pita.

As for service, Felicia was super sweet, and dishes came out with appropriate pacing. Atmosphere is whimsical yet relaxed, and staff had no issue with me lingering over some work for a couple of hours. Good spot to get some work done!"
"Garden Grill has finally returned! Formerly a truck you had to hunt down at farmers markets, now GG has a brick and mortar conveniently placed right in my neighborhood. They've been open a couple months and I've popped in a handful of times, all to positive experiences. Space is cutely decorated with a small merch area, and staff are professional.

Favorite meal here so far has been the Buffalo Crispy Chicken Sandwich, which was super saucy and served with fries. I like their house dill sauce on it to cool things down. Their avocado tacos, my classic fave from their food truck days, is also a good pick here. I do wish they offered mix and match options like with their old Jackfruit tacos. They also have a vegan soft serve machine, and flavors change often (check IG)- the fall feature, with vanilla and pumpkin spice swirl, was spot-on! 

I'm thrilled to have GG back in my life.The online ordering is a nice touch to be able to swing by quickly. I do hope they eventually expand their hours and menu, as they currently have one day-long menu and are closed Sunday-Wednesday.

EDIT: They're now open Sundays!"
"The pupusas revueltas here are so freaking good. Like, so good that I don't order anything else. Grab two for under $5 and that's a meal. Try to have the patience to let them cool so you can consume them without burning your fingertips and tongue, but if you can't, I understand.

Tiny restaurant is situated in a busy lot, but the cozy interior and friendly staff more than make up for any minor parking inconveniences. Prices are low, food is fresh. Fellow diners recommend the soups and grilled meats (specifically the steak/shrimp plates?), similar to other centro-Americo style spots.

But the pupusas are the best thing here, and the revueltas are the best of them. A tiny bit greasy, but thick with filling and such great flavor. I'm tempted to go get some right now..."
"New to Downtown Summerlin, in the former Matador spot, is Frankie's, mashing up Italian and classic gastropub fare. There are some fun fusion dishes here and great bar staples, along with their specialty- the stroll, essentially a line of house stromboli. If you try nothing else, try those. First visit, I dined in right around HH. Second visit was takeout.

UPTOWN STYLE NACHOS: an Italian take on the dish, with pita-like bread chips topped with pepperoni (or sausage), cheeses, and cherry pepper relish for a bit of kick. These would have been better with a bit of sauce to hold it all together, and pepperoni cups instead of crumbles.
FRANKIE'S ITALIAN SUSHI: name explains it, presentation is a rolled and cut carpaccio served liked sushi with bread stick ""chopsticks"". This was fun and fresh, high price for the portion size but fun to try.
ALL IN PRIME CHEESEBURGER: Patty is a unique blend of brisket, filet, and pepperoni? Flavorful but on the salty side, topped with caramelized onions and cheddar. Good but heavy, I'd share this and pair with salad.
AY~YO PHILLY STROLL: seasoned steak, onions, and cheeses, wrapped in a great dough. We added mushrooms to this, and having whiz as a dipping option instead of marinara might have paired better but the dough is def the highlight.
AVIATOR STROLL: The Italian trifecta, pepperoni, sausage, and meatballs with melty mozz, wrapped and rolled again in that fantastic golden dough. Get this, it was great.

Fun addition to the area! I will be recommending this spot to others. Dishes were all pretty solid and minor tweaks would make them even better. Ill probably revisit for the cauliflower gratin, the Summerlin stroll, and the bourbon cake dessert. 

TIP: HH is Mon-Fri, 3PM-615PM and midnight-2AM. Strolls are available in a smaller half-size. Ask for their secret menu!"
"Team Hot & Juicy! Sorry, for fresh seafood, I prefer that place. Boiling Crab has good crab, but I was surprisingly more impressed with their fried dishes. This place always has a wait, even if it goes pretty quick, so plan ahead or go elsewhere if you're in a rush- this isn't fast food.

SHRIMP: Do it right, whole she-bang, with your preferred spice level. Shrimp is my go-to seafood boiling critter, but I've been underwhelmed by overcooked shrimp that is hot but not juicy.. as elsewhere.
SNOW CRAB LEGS: Priced by the pound, sold by the unit, accompanied by tools. Lemon pepper garlic is your best choice, spice it up if you want. We got someone else's order by accident, which was Ragin' Cajun cranked up to hot, and it was surprisingly good. I don't really get why the legs are cooked with seasoning in the bag, as the sauce doesn't penetrate to the meat. Shrug.
FRIED OYSTERS: They were out of the raw option on my visit, so we stuck to fried before I read a tip warning us against them on the app. Good thing I ignored it though, because they were tasty. Maybe they're not consistent?
FRIED CATFISH BASKET: Basket comes with cajun fries, which are thin, hot, and perfectly crisp. The fish comes in 4-5 huge pieces of hot, juicy, flaky fish, served with one single cup of a lightly-flavored tartar sauce. I'd get this again. It's a huge portion for only $10, too.

I'm not a huge fan of the oddly corporate-chain feel of the space but I can't put my finger on what gives me the weird vibe. The food is fresh and it's a fun dining environment, but I have no idea why this place is so popular with H&J in town as a worthy competitor.

TIP: This might be a good spot to watch a game, as there are ~50 TV screens hanging everywhere. But they seem to be showing SD instead of HD, so picture quality isn't great and they don't seem to have any game-day specials. But it's an option to keep in mind if you want to watch your team AND spend time with your family. Plus they have beer."
"My Korean noodle knowledge is admittedly lacking, but some of my Asian friends were lured in here by their social media marketing. Long noods for long life, yo! The service was very attentive and it's a good value (huge portion sizes!) but the food itself didn't do it for me.

Jjajangmyeon is their specialty (black bean noodle with pork) and the sauce was bland and one note, I've have had better elsewhere. They brought scissors to cut the noodles, but that was unnecessary as they kept breaking off and were short. No cool noodle lift photos for us.

The Samseong Jjamppong (spicy seafood and vegetables) was a bit better, but the table was in agreement that the spicy sauce just tasted spicy without a developed flavor. Same issue with the noodles, broke easily and just weren't very chewy. Prefered this soup for the seafood.

Maybe they have consistency issues, or maybe I'm just not a fan of their food. Would come back if a friend suggested it, but would try other dishes. These didn't live up to the hype."
"TL;DR: Sui mai does not a dim sum restaurant make.

Lured in my the words ""dim sum"" on the exterior building, I knew I was in trouble when I walked in to the cafeteria-style setup. I looked at the menu, and the only thing in the dim sum category is sui mai (four types). The sides/apps section included a Pacific Shrimp Ball. 

Majority of offerings are premade, sitting-under-a-heat-lamp, exposed-to-the-air offerings you can find at any Chinese fast-food joint. They claim to use higher-quality, organic ingredients but if you're going to serve it this way, it doesn't matter. At 7PM there were no customers, so the freshness of the food was questionable. 

The items I sampled were average if not slightly below. Sui mai were huge, golf-ball-sized items, which helped to justify the ~$1.30 charge per piece. Shrimp items were fresh, juicy, and nicely shrimpy. Pork and chicken(?) sui mai did not stand out. I'm not fully convinced these aren't out of a freezer and just freshly prepared."
"This place lived up to my expectations. Very deserving of the praise that precedes them. It's a blink-and-you'll-miss-it spot in a busy Chinatown plaza, with great décor touches like a giant red chandelier and a wall-size wine rack. Start off with a glass of the Riesling or the Textbook Cab, $8 and $9 respectively. 

PAD HED: One of my favorite apps. Simple but great stir fry of Brussels sprouts and mushroom with lotus root chips, with a touch of oyster sauce. You'll want the whole portion for yourself. 
SOM THUM: Classic papaya salad with an excellent lime-tamarind dressing. Presentation was nice but the whole large wedges of cabbage were problematic as we were only provided spoons and forks. Splurge the $4 more to add shrimp. 
GREEN CURRY: So creamy! Love the crispy grilled pork. Lots of textures in here, rice is a separate side order for a buck or two. Very fresh and sophisticated.
SPICY DUCK RICE: Giant portion of rice but minimal duck (couldn't have been more than 2-3 ounces). Nice spicy, building heat to the dish. Again, nicely but inconveniently plated with large, thick slices of cucumber that we could barely cut into with our provided forks. Maybe that's supposed to discourage me from eating the garnish.

Beautiful setting definitely makes this a good date-night pick. Service was polite and professional on our most recent visit. I suggest reservations, as we had a poor experience trying to drop in one night. They were half empty but the host had an attitude about us walking in casually dressed. Turned me off enough to stay away for six months, but the food is great."
"Not a huge fan. I frequent several Vegas city parks to fit in various workouts while busy between school, work, and having some semblance of a social life. Paradise Park is not a great option for my purposes. Even coming by for a quick jog, there's no real path other than the perimeter. I have yet to find a staircase for drills. Trying to find a safe area to do body weight workouts is difficult due to the prevalence of broken glass. 

Location has a parking lot and additional street parking. It's shaded with lots of tables and pavilions available to rent. There's a water park for hotter months, and some sport fields. But the people who frequent this area are unwelcoming and hostile. I've only been here a few times out of convenience, but I am not a fan."
"Come early or come patient- even on a weekday, this spot is packed shortly after opening. You've been warned. Personally, I think the savory options are a bit better than the sweet ones, but the menu is large enough to find something for everyone. 

The Frisco (blueberries, lemon curd, whipped cream, powdered sugar) was better than expected, particularly the lemon curd, but the whipped cream didn't seem particularly fresh and didn't have much flavor. The Sonora is one of the most-recommended options here, and it's easily one of the best crepes I've had, with carne asada, guac, cheese, and just a touch of salsa- it also comes with a tasty little bowl of soup. 

I'm not a fan of the tall high-top style tables or the large community-style table hogging the majority of the floor space, but the crepe bar seating is fun and there's even a camera above the griddle to watch how they are made. If you're a mimosa fan, they have a flight with three fruit-flavored options that are all exceptionally good."
"My recent experience here was great. Many of the recent reviews mention unreasonable wait times but I did not have an issue with that, so perhaps things have improved. Made an appointment online, was seen within ten minutes of the time, and was out within half an hour. Staff who helped me were professional yet warm. Location is clean and safe, large parking lot and comfortable waiting room with tons of magazines."
"PROS: I like the location, nice mural on the wall. The product is nicely plated/styled, making for great photos. Menu has a good mix of drinks and food, sweet and savory, apps and desserts. The service was friendly and fairly attentive. Even the straws were twisted into cute little hearts! They seem to really pay attention to the little things when it comes to how things look...

CONS: It's a restaurant, not a website. It all looks nice but I wasn't really thrilled with the way it tasted. Came for a taiyaki but friends didn't want to take a chance given the low reviews, so we started with other items. The orange yuzu drink was just okay, I didn't finish it. The ""strawberry smoothie"" had a consistency more on par with an Icee. The takoyaki was inhaled as soon as it hit the table, but the fried tofu was just okay- nicely crisp but plain, bottled sauce was needed and there wasn't enough of it. The bannoffee toast was pretty and it tasted okay (crispy toast, nicely buttery!), but it also did not get finished at our table (artificial-tasting ice cream, flavorless ""chocolate"" drizzle, unripe banana). They need to put in a little bit more work in the kitchen. Given that they have two other dessert shops within 100 yards (Creamberry and Gelatology), they need to step it up sooner rather than later."
"KIT's Kitchen is a nonprofit run entirely by volunteers- prices are low and go directly towards helping local youth via collaboration of schools and community organizations. What's not to love?!

Breakfast dishes are $5 and lunches are $6, allowing families to dine out together without taking out a second mortgage. Dishes are standard diner-style fare, with some standouts including the chicken and biscuits with gravy and the buffalo wings. Food may not win any awards,  but is freshly made and the restaurant itself is very clean- dine on the patio if the weather is nice.

Rumor has it that KIT's Kitchen has an awesome dinner menu- I'll have to come back again soon. I was bummed to see the previous businesses in this spot close (Bernard's Bistro, then CB's Legacy), but happy to see they've been replaced by a business doing real good in our community."
"Decent-enough ramenya on the outskirts of Chinatown- broth isn't as fatty as other places, which may appeal to others who feel that Sora et al are too rich for their tastes.

Went in with my BF and split the deluxe tonkotsu-shoyu, the house specialty per Tetsuro. Deluxe bowl comes decked out with all of the extra veggies and meat: four slices of chashu, nori, an egg, green onion, sprouts, corn, cabbage, and bamboo shoots. Also added on orders of edamame, karaage, and lychee sorbet.

Broth was understated but still had good depth, and the various toppings and giant bowl made it a more than generous portion for two, well-priced at just under $11. Egg was a little overcooked, which is  a ramen pet peeve of mine and I also didn't care for the corn or overwhelming amount of cabbage. 

Karaage was moist and I really enjoyed the light breading. Squeezed some lemon over it for an extra perk of acidity.  Sorbet was a great palate cleanser with a pop of flavor, larger portion than what is given gratis at Ramen Misoya Tomi. 

Wouldn't put this in my top ramen picks for Vegas, but wouldn't turn down a visit if a friend suggested it, either."
"I've been keeping an eye on Veggy Street via social media ever since their signage went up over the summer. When they opened in September, there was a lot of confusion about whether their food was actually vegan as advertised. It wasn't until December that the restaurant actually confirmed that they were vegan. Not sure what the story is there but the situation kept me away until their Veganuary promotion.  

Clean location, fairly expansive menu. Opted for the vegan burger (made with Beyond Meat products), added vegan cheese (Daiya?), as a combo with fries and a house-made hibiscus tea for $8, which was a great discount from their usual prices ($15?)*. The burger itself was solid and had a passably ""meaty"" mouthfeel and a pink hue favorably compares to some of the dry, grain-based patties I've had elsewhere. It could benefit from some sort of house sauce, too. I do wish they made their own product in house rather than just serving up a frozen and reheated patty- it's why I refuse to patronize businesses that zap a Boca Burger and call themselves a vegan dining destination. I am interested in coming back to try other items, though.

*Speaking of pricing, it's a bit high for the quality of product, even given that they're a niche market. Burgers are regularly ~$10 and it's +$4 to make your order a combo with a side and drink (bottled water and fries?), which is ludicrous. 

I am happy to have more healthy and vegetarian, vegan, etc dining options available, and I do look forward to coming back here, but there are a few things I think they should work on."
"The Mob Museum is such a great place to explore, whether you're a local or a visitor. Adults can spend a huge chunk of time exploring the multi-floor building, now complete with a speakeasy-style bar, learning about the people and events that shaped our city. 

Notice that I said adults. While the setup has lots of interactive displays with technology, visuals, videos, audio recordings, photo ops, games, and activities, the setup is very reading-intensive. Interested teenagers might enjoy a trip here but keep the youngsters at home. It's a given that coverage of murders and weaponry is not developmentally appropriate. 

Tickets can be pricey but there are online deals and local discounts. They also have evening events every so often that are pretty cool. Every Valentines day is free for NV residents, too- makes for a fun date!"
"Gourmet hotdogs are a trend many people would like to see die already. Lucky for this spot, I am not one of those people. The weird name, cute logo, low prices, and a wide variety of menu offerings make this place a hot-diggity darn good spot. 

Follow them on social media to find out about their off-menu specials, such as the Run, Run, Rudolph dog for December: reindeer sausage topped with caramelized onions and sriracha cream. Simple but super tasty, it took a lot of effort to share this with my guy.

Solid menu standbys include the Everything Bagel dog (w/cream cheese and scallions) and the Japanese-inspired Mt. Fuji dog (teriyaki onions, nori, carrots, scallions, wasabi mayo). Don't even get me started on side options (tot-chos, anyone?!).

Location is cozy, service is genuinely friendly, and they even have a condiment bar to doctor up your dog with extra hot sauces and mustards. Don't forget about their house fry sauce and beer cheese!"
"My guy and I recently combined households, so a visit to IKEA was required to investigate our options for storage. Two people with full homes, now in one, equals a whole lot of extra stuff. I can (and have) walked around IKEA for hours just to browse the cozy and efficiently-used staged spaces but this most recent visit had actual goals- and thankfully our home is now a happy harmony due in large part to purchases and design inspiration found here.

I am most excited about the 8 drawer Hemnes dresser we are using as an entertainment stand- putting it together was a solid couples bonding activity for us, armed with thirty pages of photo directions and a screw driver. It took about 5 hours and looks SO good and everything is working well. I am eyeing the matching night stands as our next purchase. The line goes well with our existing decor while adding storage.

Other items here I really like are the Lack tables (coffee table and end table size) that I've used in college and apartments. Besides just furniture, it's great to just go for ideas to rearrange what you do have or add in accent pieces or small decor items- their  lighting, plant, and kitchen gadget areas have a bunch of cheap finds. Join their family membership for extra discounts and deals.

A last side note here- though their prices are cheap, the quality really isn't. You can easily switch out the door/drawer handles to upgrade the look of a piece, or repaint (or whitewash, or sand, or whatever) the pieces to make them more unique. Everything I've bought here has held up extremely well."
"Metro Diner has rapidly expanded in Vegas, opening 3 locations in just one year! For some reason, this location isn't up to par with the service I have received at the others. If this location were my introduction to the chain, I probably wouldn't return.

First visit, I came in solo. After taking my order, I never saw my server again. There was an error with my order, and the hassle of having to hunt down the staff made me suck it up and eat it anyway. The seasonal pumpkin spice coffee was awesome. But seriously? Service was the total opposite of Tropicana and Rainbow locations.

Second (and last) visit, I interacted with the manager who was just totally unprofessional. I was there about a promo they were running on social media, and apparently this location wasn't participating. He was rude and dismissive. Maybe it was an off day for him. My server was super sweet and attentive, but I won't be back: as a two star Yelp rating indicates, ""Meh. I've experienced better."""
"Weird system to order/pay, merchandise that isn't priced, long waits, and tacky signs put up by management. Went with a small group from work, seeking a liquid lunch- we were there over half an hour waiting for our beverages.

Walk in to back counter to place order, but menu behind cashier is incomplete. Once you order, you get a receipt but don't pay until your drink is ready at the other register.

You have plenty of time to read the weird signage posted by management: all hand-made and just slightly alarming or unprofessional: references to a recent ""increase in a pricing scam"" leading them charge what product rings up in system regardless of what it is marked (the products I picked up weren't marked at all), typical right to refuse service signage but accompanied by an additional page saying to take issues up with management NOT STAFF(?), etc.

The product you finally receive? Meh, sub par, IMO. All fruit is fake tasting and either frozen or nearly so, giving everything the same slushy-like texture and the use of more juices and yogurt fillers than actual produce lends an artificial flavor to the beverages- not to mention, if you add a booster it usually tastes chalky or gritty.

Not sure why this place is in business- can't seem to decide if it's a nutrition supplement store or a smoothie shack, but attempts to work Greek yogurt and juicing into the menu are optimistic but product needs work."
"Three stars: I liked it but I didn't love it.
Blinders replaced Vegeway, a solid fast food vegan joint with a drive-thru and a killer house-made proprietary burger. New ownership took a similar concept and expanded the menu to add breakfast and feature Beyond Meat and Impossible Burger products- both of which I've tried elsewhere and found fairly solid. Prices are higher than their predecessor ($11-14/burger), for a purchased branded product rather than a unique house-made one, which kind of baffles me. But vegan food is a niche market, one that has considerably expanded around the city lately. YMMV.

First burger I tried was the Bare Naked, their take on a lettuce wrap burger, described on the menu as a ""classic cheeseburger"" wrapped in lettuce yet oddly served without cheese and on a bed of romaine leaves rather than in any discernible wrap or means to be picked up and eaten logically. Definitely need to go back to the drawing board with this one, grab some butter or iceberg instead. Staff were polite about switching this out, thankfully.

Their Classic Cheeseburger does come with cheese, and house sauce similar to In N Out's. The burger patty was very thin, which was further emphasized by the half-inch thick tomato slices piled on, but overall it was a solid burger. I sided this with the onion rings, which were over-fried and not especially great with a grainy texture to the breading rather than the smooth tempura as described. Perhaps the hand-cut rosemary fries would've been better.

I came about a week after opening, which is reasonably enough time to have worked out some of the issues I mention but they are a new business. I do like that they have house sauces (curry ketchup being my fave) and Jones fountain sodas (sugar cane over HFCS), and the staff were polite. But for the price and product, I find myself preferring what Chef Kenny was doing- a more unique and flavorful product at a lower price point. I am open to returning and trying more of their specialty burgers or breakfast items."
"Thai food with a drive thru? That's different.

Haven't tried that method yet, but called in an order for pick up and it was ready in a very-reasonable 15 minutes. Pricing is mostly pretty good, but I found the $8/bowl tom kha a bit steep- portion size was good but can't imagine what a large must look like or how they pack it to go.

Garlic black pepper chicken dish, spice level 3, is quite good- served with an ample portion of white rice, well priced at about $10. Lunch specials really are the way to go though, at $7/ea with several entree choices, plus soup or salad, egg roll, and won ton. 

Service is friendly, seems to be family-run, restaurant dining room is small but clean."
"I prefer the other location but can't put my finger on why. Service is quick, product is good, the sandwiches and salads are what I prefer to get. Space also includes a small deli, bakery, and grocery area, with cannoli, San Marzano tomatoes, and various meats and cheeses. They do offer takeout and delivery, and dine-in does include table service for dinner.

Their chicken or eggplant parm sandwiches are heavenly, with fresh bread, tons of gooey cheese, and a large portion. The calamari salad is a bit plain, but fresh, so I tend to go for the greek- add chicken if this is intended as a meal.

Downside to this location is the parking situation- I often come by to a full lot and have to pull out on the busy street, turn into another adjacent lot, repark, and walk over. If you want a great sandwich though, it's worth the (admittedly minimal) hassle."
"+1 huge, killer patio for al fresco dining!
+1 it's dog friendly AND the staff is friendly
+1 early and late HH (M-F 3-6, another one starts at 9 certain days)

I have a confession. I am a cat person! I love dogs, too. I just don't own one. YET. I kind of avoided this place at first because I thought it would be packed with canines and their owners, but other than a bunch of dog-theme décor (check out the fire hydrant draft beer spouts!), I didn't see much of the furry critters.*

Menu is a smorgasbord of apps, Asian dishes, pizzas, classic American dishes, and some soups, salads, and sandwiches too. In other words, you may have a hard time deciding. The VEGGIE LAVASH SANDWICH is indulgent but healthy (650 calories but packed with fresh veggies). I especially liked the thick-cut Gouda and sundried tomato hummus! Upgraded side of Cajun fries with spicy ranch dipping sauce is worth the $1 surcharge, even if they invalidate your healthy entrée decision.  The CHICKEN TORTILLA SOUP is hearty, and the RED POMEGRANATE SANGRIA ($4/HH) is also fair, but not must-get dishes. 

*Check out the website for the Dos and Don'ts of bringing your pup."
"When you first drive up, it looks like  bunch of gravel and rocks. Keep going though, and you'll find an oasis. Even in the hottest part of summer, the trail around the lake is shaded and cool.  Beyond the lake is the historic section, with a few smaller old buildings with informative plaques. If you keep going though, the trail loops around a basin. The shaded rest stops are a lifesaver in this area.

You'll notice a ton of ducks and geese in and around the water, as well as peacocks. Fishing is allowed, max 3 per person. If you stay extra still and quiet, you might see a few bunnies. I saw signs about walking horses across intersections, so apparently they make appearances too.

There is an admission fee (~$5?) but if you get here early enough (~8AM?), no one will be at the gate yet so you can go on through."
"I bookmarked this spot based on the reviews, and asked my guy to meet me for dinner. When I pulled up and saw the exterior, I thought I had accidentally picked a glorified Taco Bell for date night! But no, other than the outer shell, this spot is a huge upgrade.

Interior has a clean and modern red and white color scheme with rustic touches, like woven basket lighting fixtures and a framed shelf for hot sauces. The have a salsa bar and house-picked peppers, and service was attentive and friendly. There are two TVs in the dining room, and they had no problem putting on the Warriors game for us! 

We started with the chips and guac ($7), fresh and tasty, then shared the bowl of tortilla soup ($6) mentioned in many reviews- light with a flavorful broth and plenty of chicken and avocado. The shrimp tacos were better than the mahi-mahi ($2.50/ea) but the star was definitely the Enchiladas Suizas! Packed with grilled chicken and topped with a wonderfully tart and slightly spicy tomatillo sauce, these were incredible! Lastly, we shared the flan ($4)- even though the server warned us it had been slightly overcooked, it was creamy and had a light touch of cinnamon!  

Don't let the outside fool you- they took a former TB location, kept the Mexican theme and upgraded it to make this spot a real treasure. I'm hoping to find myself on this side of town more often!"
"Solid café counter at the Boulevard Mall food court- hot and cold coffee drinks, gourmet loose leaf teas, paninis, and all-day breakfast items including pancakes. 

Coffee drinks are solid, love that they offer mint mocha flavor year-round instead of seasonally. Paninis look great and are well-priced at about $5-6, turkey option and chipotle chicken look amazing.

Staff is super friendly and look like they genuinely enjoy their jobs- engaged me in conversation while making my drink just before close, rather than rushing through and cleaning."
"Very nice venue, tucked just inside the Palms. Park by the movie theater, walk in past the food court, and it's on your right. Surprisingly easy to find and surprisingly sound proof- inside, the music was loud as hell, but walking by outside you wouldn't have a clue.

Got free tickets to see Styx last night, courtesy of Yelp. (Thanks Dave!) We were in Box 311, which is the top level box closest to the right side of the stage- and a big bank of speakers, which may be why I thought it was so loud.
Damn good view, the closest you could get without having to stand, and for an avid people-watcher like myself, gave a great view of the crowd as well.

As others have said, there really doesn't seem to be a bad seat in this venue- maybe the very back rows of 302 might be a little underwhelming, but for the ""worst"" seats at a venue they're still pretty amazing, due in large part to how intimate this theater is."
"Credit where credit is due: I wouldn't even know about this place if not for Stephanie S.'s review. I've driven by a lot and ended up at other Mexican food restos in the area because the location signage is limited. It's in the corner of the Marketon plaza, and the interior is nice and homey.

But I came here for gorditas, which are way more popular in Texas than in Vegas, and they've been hard to find. In addition to the namesake stuffed pockets, the menu also offers plates as well as a variety of street snacks and raspados. 

I've tried three gorditas and an elote and I'll be back for more. The gorditas don't look huge but their appearance is deceptive and they're actually quite filling. The asada and chile relleno flavors have a premium charge, and were the two I tried first. The asada I found dry but the relleno was overflowing with cheese- I combined all the fillings into one pocket and it was perfection!  Adding a side of guac is another option. The chicken tinga was just okay; solid flavor on the sauce but the pocket got soggy and fell apart fast.  Plates come with rice and some amazing refried beans, or you can order a la carte and get their awesome elote en vaso with the works."
"The garlic knots and calzones on display looked good but the slice I received was completely unappetizing- $6 veggie slice wasn't even as good as a generic frozen pie and was taken directly out of a warmer and slapped on a paper plate. They could at least reheat to order, but in addition to being lukewarm, this slice looked visibly old. The crust was thick and flavorless like cardboard in the middle and crispy shards like a tostada on the edges. I liked that the sauce was slightly spicy but the pizza was not good."
"I'm beyond thrilled to have KT2 on the west side- no half hour drive, and thanks to a larger space, no 45 minute wait times! At least not yet. But that'll probably happen soon, because the menu is huge and nearly everything I've tried has been tasty and well executed. Note that this location has exclusive dishes and dinner service that the Henderson location does not.

DRINKS: Frou frou lattes, mimosas with fresh fruit puree, and monster milkshakes, oh my! Something for everyone and every meal. Favorites are the mango mimosa if I'm drinking (rare) or the creme brulee latte if I'm not. 

SWEETS: Be that person who suggests a pan of monkey bread for the table, and everyone will yield to your menu expertise. Come early or don't be surprised if this dish sells out. Other tasty options to start your day with sucrose include the peaches and cream pancakes or berry waffles. 

SAVORY: On my first visit, I tried to go healthy with the Egyptian Toast and while it was fresh and solid, this is not the place to go on a diet. You can't go wrong with the Benedicts but pork belly green chili a good choice if you're feeling more adventurous, and if you like game meats, try the Duck Hash (exclusive to KT2). The bacon and egg shooters (AKA deviled eggs) are a decent shareable app if you come too late for monkey bread.

Service is super friendly but I will say that it's not the fastest. They're still fairly new though, so things should get expedited as they settle in. Bonus points for having bar seating for solo diners to avoid hogging a whole table.

TIP: After parking, walk around to the court yard to enter. The two doors facing the lot are staff entries. Perhaps a sign should be added."
"An update is needed! I've returned a couple more times to get work done on my Volvo, and Jim and his staff have been prompt, professional, and friendly. The trunk latch repair I mentioned in my previous review was taken care of while I was on spring break, and I also had a headlight replaced that was just too difficult to get to on my own. Jim communicates quickly through the Yelp quotes/messages feature, and was able to work around my complicated work-school schedule to get repairs done without a lot of downtime. I'll be back again next time I need work done!"
"Henderson area park with a lot of green space, not far from GVR area- the Pittman Wash Trail, a baseball diamond, sand volleyball pits, tennis courts, and a small playground are among the amenities here. Parking lot is small, but it is safe to park on the street if needed- on weekends, this park gets busy early. I like how there are a few local food trucks that seem to regularly stop by on weekends. The bathrooms are clean, but only have two stalls."
"TLDR: Strip prices without a Strip location. Pizza itself has fairly good flavor, just don't order with mushrooms or take it to go. If you're paying for the view, you might as well enjoy it.

Came in after a run around the lake, happy to see they have a two-slice lunch special- unfortunately, they want $6/slice, which is on par with Secret Pizza's pricing. Adding on a single topping will run you a buck a slice. $14 for two pepperoni slices and a drink?! For a couple bucks more, you can get an entire 12"" specialty pie (tax + tip will make it ~$20). What Shark Tank reject did the valuation and menu pricing?!

Opted for the featured Don Michele Meat Pizza (pepperoni, Italian sausage, smoked bacon, and onions), subbed mushrooms for the onions. Flavor was below average: they use canned mushrooms (which isn't in line with their premium prices), they forgot the bacon listed in the ingredients, and the pizza was under cooked in the middle. Crust itself was okay- chewy not crispy, decent sauce."
"Grand opening was this morning, with a line all the way down the plaza three stores down. Apparently, west side Vegas is excited about fresh produce and Double Ad Wednesday.

Enthusiastically friendly staff and a few camera guys from the news were present to open a clean and organized new store, with the same layout as others in town so you already know where to look for your favorite items.

There were a few opening-specific sales prices but mostly it was a new location going right to work with the usual business of Sprouts: fresh produce at low prices, with organic options available, and lots of eco-friendly health and beauty brands."
"Bachi's got burgers! I've enjoyed the burgers at a couple other valley locations and recently hit this one up a couple times for lunch over the summer. The design here is similar to the other locations, with a dark modern interior that still feels casual.

The menu features, you guessed it, a decision-impairing selection of Asian fusion burgers. The Kiki is my go-to, with a trio of onions, bacon, and gruyere with a sweet marmalade and spicy aioli. I had a minimal amount of mushrooms, which was disappointing considering they're the main reason I get this burger. It was served perfectly med-rare, though.

A friend chose the Bison Burger, with fig jam, onions, bacon, and bleu. This was a touch dry, not just because of the meat but it could have used a sauce. That said, the meat was so good that the leftovers were devoured in record time. A major plus to this burger is that it includes a side of fries, which you can upgrade to the truffle fries- do it, and ask for extra sun dried tomato sauce!

The service has been appropriately attentive but didn't rush us out when I lingered catching up with a friend. Prices are a bit high to make this a regular burger stop, but Bachi isn't putting out ""regular"" burgers anyway."
"Clothing, furniture, books, and... discount pharmacy products? Hold up.

The clothing and furniture selection are about what you expect from a nonprofit thrift store: older items with reasonable prices, selection can be a bit dicey but there are some treasures to be found.

Book nook was a delightful surprise! Tons of Target Picks and Oprah's Book Club features, in paperback and hardback, lots of relatively-current fiction from the 2000s and the obligatory section of 60s-90s self-help and health tomes. But the condition of the books, pricing, and women's fiction was better (and less dated) than some of the so-called ""used bookstores"" in this area. 

And now for the pharmacy products, which weirded me out. There is a large selection of generic medications, first aid basics, and diabetic supplies in a section to the right of the entrance. I have no clue who their supplier is or why these items are in a thrift store.

Other odds and ends include costume jewelry in the display case by the register- some new pieces mixed in at good prices. 
There are spinning racks of greeting cards, 2/$1, that are a mix of bizarre vintage styles and modern/current birthday, anniversary, congratulation, and thank you notes.

Staff is polite and volunteers are welcome!"
"Never heard of this company til I stumbled upon it visiting another shop in the area- and I'm in love. They have furniture, decor, and fashion items at discounted prices, and a side of friendly service.

Their clothing isn't my style but they seemed to have a good selection of stuff that reminded me of what you might find at Anthropologie or Francesca's- except most of their clothing appears to be their own brand. They do offer some discounted name brand clothes on separate racks in the back (True Religion, Affliction, etc.) Don't forget to check the jewelry racks by the register, great statement necklaces.

But their furniture and decor selection is awesome. Haven't made any major purchases, but really liked what I saw and quality seemed to be solid. There were armoires and couches discounted to over half off, beautiful buffets and consoles, and even decorative tables and lamps- I really like the style they carry in this department but don't have the room for more. Definitely keeping in mind for my upcoming move, though.

There were only two staff members present, and it was a bit of a hassle to have to hike to the front to ask for a dressing room since there was no one in that area, but they were friendly and polite- they have an email alert program for discounts and sales."
"Szechuan food is known for being spicy but the complexity of the sauces and combinations of the peppers lends itself to a depth that is so much better than that. The building heat is not at all unpleasant, actually. The first time you experience the mouth-numbing mala may be a bit uncomfortable though. It goes without saying it may be hard to have the best experience here if you bring friends who don't enjoy spice or heat.

Their specialties like the toothpick lamb and guess guess shrimp are the way to go- menu is large and most of what I've had is good, but the standout dishes are noteworthy because they can't be found elsewhere in town. The pork and/or fish with green sauce got rave reviews from friends but I haven't yet made my way through that much of the menu."
"The menu is a bit pricey but the quality is fairly solid- didn't try their pizza, but $14 for a GF cheese pie special doesn't sound like a bargain to me. Their site is easy to navigate and online orderings are super simple.

Eggplant parm app, $9, 4 slices of breaded eggplant with a sprinkle of cheese and a cup of marinara to sauce yourself to the preferred level. Forgettable. 

Empanadas; $2.10 each, don't ask me why an Italian joint has empanadas on the menu, just know that they're really good. The spinach initially caught my eye but the beef was way better- even taking into account that the cheese inside wasn't even melted. Whoops.

Garlic knots; $5, oiled and seasoned well but somehow a bit lackluster. Wonder if the dough is the same they use for pizza, seemed on the plain side. 

$20 takeout order was fine but I'd only return for the empanadas or to give their pizza a try. They offer gluten free and sicilian, I just don't typically shell out the prices they're asking for takeout pizza- price is more on par for specialty or high end shops."
"Goyemon is largely heralded as the best AYCE sushi in Vegas. A member of the Mon restaurant group (which also includes Monta and Sushi-Mon), this spot is generally regarded as their best effort and highest quality. 

Unfortunately, by the time I finally made a trip here, I was underwhelmed. Maybe my familiarity with their Sushi-Mon location on Sahara is to blame- their menus are virtually identical, with Goyemon offering additional items at dinner and some more unique specials. The quality of fish was good, but having a friendly relationship with a Sushi Mon chef garnered me the same product at their sister store. I really didn't see the upside to coming here instead.

Service during my recent visit was frustrating- server did not come around very often, food was came out slow and sporadic, and rice was falling apart on all rolls and nigiri. Not what I expect given the reputation that precedes this joint. They were busy, but not overwhelmed. 

I will say that the menu of rolls is extensive and their pricing is very fair ($22/lunch, $27/dinner). It's also nice that their last dinner seating is at 2AM. Better to visit for dinner than lunch, for increased menu options. But frankly I just found it good, not great.

TLDR
Standby items: superwhite tuna, garlic tuna, mackerel, and halibut nigiri; Lemon, Moon, Hurricane and Ecstasy rolls. They were out of uni my last visit, appreciate that this was on signage as you entered. Don't bother with the tuna poke, miso soup, or mochi dessert."
"Holy happy hour specials, Batman!
Bookmarked this place for their HH: 4-6PM, half off tapas and $2 off wine or beer.

Restaurant interior is more upscale than I expected.
Menu is fairly diverse with vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free options indicated with symbols. Tapas menu has several Mediterranean options, there are a bunch of salads, and of course, there's pizza- if you join their mailing list, you'll get a coupon to try a pizza for free (dine in only, with purchase).

BF and I were here for a light early dinner, got 3 tapas and a beer.
FIG & GORGONZOLA FLATBREAD: Yum, 4-slice portion with good balance of flavors from the sweet figs, salty cheese, and mild spinach, as well as a bit of pork? Adding a sprinkle of red pepper kicked it up a notch.
PARMESAN STUFFED ARTICHOKES: Good lord these were the table favorite, served in a blanket of parmesan crumbs with a cup of dipping sauce. 'Chokes had crunch and flavor, herb coating was light and complemented the cheese inside, which was mild instead of overpowering (as done elsewhere).
DUCK MINI TACOS: An order of 6 mini tacos, filled with 24-hour-marinated duck topped with cilantro, tomatoes, feta, and sour cream, HH pricing at just over $5? Amazeballs. I never would have combined duck and feta, but I love them both and here everything worked so well together in this dish. Fresh and flavorful!

Only thing that detracted from my visit was the service: entered and stood by hostess stand for quite a while before being acknowledged, and our server had way too many tables to herself and was quite frazzled. This was frustrating because there were easily 8 employees present, but I guess maybe they weren't on the clock yet? As 6 o'clock got closer, business picked up and the three women mobbing the hostess stand eventually started picking up the slack.
Normally I'd dock a star for this, but despite being overwhelmed our server was polite and our food came out quickly, and was amazing.

Fabulous food, phenomenal happy hour.  Even with a beer, total before tip was under $20. Will be coming back to try more!"
"I'm convinced this place is the only thing that makes Fashion Show Mall even remotely bearable. Make this your first or last stop if you need the self-reward system to deal with the large crowds and/or rampant consumerism. 

The reviews are right though, the honey almond latte is the way to go- soy milk for me. The mexican mocha is also a solid option. Both are available hot or iced, and served in a surprisingly fast and friendly way for what is otherwise just a small counter you might overlook. Bonus points for having so much seating available nearby, but it's essentially another Coffee Bean or Starbucks with a different name.

TIP: Get here easiest by parking in the garage under Nordstrom's, going up to the first level (mostly menswear) and heading out toward the main mall."
"It's a 7-11. I'll stop here for emergency nachos or a Slurpee, but usually I'll just hit the Redbox outside.

I don't like to come here after dark, night shift cashiers are kind of surly and look annoyed to have to wake up from their chair behind the counter to ring me up. Also, they tend to park their junky car right in front of the store- who does that?!

Drive another block West to the location at Buffalo for a cleaner store, nicer service, and gas pumps."
"I made an appointment here since this location has been my go-to mechanic for a couple of years now. Didn't realize til later that it's under new ownership and staff. Jim was helpful with my calls and drop off, and touched base with me by phone about the work over the course of the day.

We had a bit of a miscommunication about what was to be done but ultimately resolved it amicably. Jim even had some suggestions for additional work I could get done more affordably, if he had time to order a part online instead of through a dealership. I left intending to use his services when my work schedule allowed me to drop off my vehicle again.

One of the things they did was top off my coolant. The next day, driving down Desert Inn, my car started smoking. I pulled over and realized it's steam, and the cap to the coolant reservoir  popped off. I was able to locate the cap under the hood, bought and refilled with more fluid, and carried on, but not after flipping out. I left Jim a panicked voicemail and he touched base with me the next day with apologies. 

I am now on the fence about returning for more service. Jim seems like a nice guy trying to do right by returning customers to a new business he's taking over, and he is helpful, but correctly replacing a radiator cap is small potatoes. Mistakes happen, but I don't feel fully comfortable doing more extensive work here at this time."
"The majority of good reviews are based on the nightlife.
The majority of poor reviews refer to the service.
My experience was in line with both.

First attempt: Didn't realize they weren't open for lunch, so when I called in for takeout, employee stated they weren't open yet. Rearranged my day and called back to order dinner, then was told that they didn't have food ready yet, then that they didn't do takeout. It was such a headache I felt like they just didn't want to do it, at 5PM on a weekend. Went elsewhere.

Second visit: Got over the first experience and decided to go in person. The bouncer smoking, eating, and checking IDs at the door set an uncomfortable tone and seemed entirely unnecessary. Waited at hostess stand for over five minutes, never acknowledged or approached. Seated ourselves at a couch, then was never approached for food, drinks, or hookah. Tons of servers, all hanging out and talking or just checking on the same couple of tables. Dancers and musicians were great, but I came to eat dinner... so we left and went elsewhere.

Third strike: Came in earlier in the evening, before the entertainment. No bouncer, yay. Hostess was actually doing her job, cool. But again, servers wandered around talking to each other and didn't seem to have any interest in customers. We were given drinks but had to ask for menus, took her a good 10 minutes to bring them by, didn't seem to want to take our orders... I'm over it. I've spent three times as much at nearby restaurants because they just don't want to take and make orders.

At this point, they should just shorten the name to The Olive and be a bar/lounge with live entertainment rather than consistently half-assing the ""Mediterranean Grill"" portion of the business."
"I like trying new things, from dishes I haven't heard of to unusual entertainment options. A few friends put LVLT on my radar, and I took a colleague to check out the local community theater scene with The Birds. Online ticket ordering process was easy, location is not difficult to find, plenty of parking, and the staff are welcoming. Our show didn't have an intermission, which might be a bit of a blessing because the chairs began to get uncomfortable.

The performance wasn't what I expected, and was only vaguely related to the original source material. I'll blame the writing rather than the acting for my disappointment, and note that the audio, lighting, etc were all good. But the story itself had some (intentional?) plot holes and didn't come together cohesively, and there was a lot of profanity that served no purpose. Just not for me, I guess. 

Many of the audience members around us seemed to be season ticket holders, and as we exited, even they were commenting that this was one of the strangest performances they'd seen here, so I'll keep an eye on future shows and maybe give something else a try."
"I was on this side of town for a doctor's appointment and used the Yelp app to find Lino's and place an order for pickup via Eat24. Time estimate was accurate and staff were friendly and helpful. Location was nicer than expected inside, looks like a cute dinner spot.

Ordered 2 lunch specials- the Greek salad and an Italian sandwich, latter comes with a side, both come with a drink and clock in under $8. Online menu doesn't break down what's on the salad and I was underwhelmed to find no protein on my order (and no option was given to add it, either). Huge portion of lettuce and a few peppers, olives, onions, etc with some cheese. There was also a mixup with the dressing. Sandwich was large and tasty though. Maybe their pizzas and Italian options fare better, no by the slice sales despite the long list of lunch specials."
"There's a common phrase in Vegas that good barbeque simply doesn't exist here. Lately, more options have been cropping up but I've been careful not to get my hopes up. Pot Liquor has some great things going on, with several varieties of barbeque spanning the country all on one menu.

KANSAS CITY STYLE BURNT ENDS: a small heap of brisket delicacy, served with Pullmans loaf, house-made pickles, and 'cue #1. I liked the tanginess of the sauce, and the variety of ends I received- some pieces tender, some with thick bark, all juicy and flavorful. The pickles and bread were both nice touches, but the ends didn't need them.
FRIED TOMATO SALAD: I'll admit, I was confused by the dish I received. It wasn't a salad, more of an appetizer, and should be relisted on the menu to reflect that. However, it was good. Five thick, crisp-fried slices with mild goat cheese, spicy red onion, and a complementary dressing. A confident dish where all the ingredients play a specific role.

One of the managers was nice enough to speak with me for a while- I'll have to return to try the chili of all chilis, his favorite dish. The Sunday brunch offerings are limited but well-priced, inclusive of a bottomless mimosa, bellini, or bloody beverage for $20."
"If you're female, this place might be great for stocking up on scrubs- lots of variety, prints and solids, brands like Carhart, Dickies, and Greys Anatomy, and a bunch of clearance-priced stock 

But if you're a dude (and I was here shopping for mine)... you're limited to one rack of scrubs, priced higher than anywhere else in town (approaching $40/piece), and with limited sizes available (only small and 2XL bottoms?). 

Location is conveniently right inside the 2nd floor mall entrance to the left of Sears, right by the food court."
"SUCH a gorgeous hotel! It's off-Strip, so pricing is a little more wallet-friendly than the same quality elsewhere. Parking is beneath the hotel itself, no charge. Multiple restaurants on site including a Starbucks breakfast joint, a small casual cafe, Envy Steakhouse, and a  bar with live jazz on weekends.

Staff is friendly and the decor is just my style: dark, luxe, orchids everywhere, nice linens. Good views out most of the windows, too. Heard it was recently remodeled, but this was the first time I'd been.

Room rates start around $100-$110, so it's not the best ""deal"" but I've paid more for less quality elsewhere. Conveniently located by the convention center and walking distance to other good food options."
"Better than expected: dropping in to grab something sweet yields a good selection, fresh product, and fairly good quality. They seem to have their consistency nailed. Read reviews carefully, as the majority of poor reviews are referring to special-order cakes (and often the decoration rather than the flavor).

The almond cookies are a hit: soft and slightly sweet. They have had some smaller nut, granola, and cranberry tart bites for the fall that have been a little too hard for my liking, but a nice seasonally-appropriate option. Their fruit tarts are my far my favorite option though: available in large and small sizes, always fresh, with consistently great crusts. I will say that the fruit decoration on top isn't always instagram-worthy and sometimes looks a bit sloppy, but I always snag one even if I have to specify exactly which one in the case.

Service is prompt and polite. I like that there isn't a tip line on the receipt as walk-in business requires minimal service and they always feel slightly obligatory for me. Check the cake stand by the register for discount pastries too!"
"Solid gift shabby-chic décor store and gift shop, most popular for carrying Annie Sloan chalk paints and candles. 

Lots of reclaimed and refinished furniture, such as tables, headboards, dressers, and tables, but also some reupholstered chairs. Everything is in the shabby-chic style, which I don't use in my home, but whoever is behind the work clearly has a lot of talent. 

For gifts, they have a few smaller knick-knack décor type items, along with fancy painted packs of matches, notebooks, and mirrors/frames. Their candle selection is limited to the amazing-smelling Annie Sloan brand- unfortunately, $40 is a bit too hefty for me to spend on something I'm going to burn. But feel free to grab one as a gift for ME!

The store also holds classes to paint- a chalkboard sign at the door has their upcoming classes, but I didn't see any pricing info. Would have asked, but staff was on the phone with a friend for the majority of my visit."
"Cute little coffee and cake shop, similar to 85 Degrees- Asian with a bit of European influence in the product. Small case of cake slices and other sweets, with some cellophane-wrapped baked goods (croissants, ham and cheese buns, almond twists). Drink menu is large, with milk teas, single-origin coffee, cold brew, sea salt cream, etc. 

Shop is small with just a couple of tables. They currently close pretty early, 6pm. Patio area is small but if they added an extra table or two indoors and out and expanded their hours, I think they'd get more business. Reasonable prices, friendly gal working the counter."
"This kooky-looking former fast food space is actually a pretty cool place to get some tasty treats- specifically macarons!

The space is clean and the pastry case is packed: different quiches and sandwiches, tons of different macaron flavors, and more classic pastries and meringues on top and on the end. Anything you can think of is here: regular eclairs, coffee-flavored eclairs, fruit tarts, a strawberry shortcake-looking confection, both lemon and cherry meringues, regular meringues, more cakes, and even some stuff that isn't in the pastry case.

I tried the pistachio, rose, coffee, ginger, and peanut butter macarons and they were all tasty- listed in increasing order of preference. I could eat a box of the peanut butter ones on my own. Then there's the quiches-  the goat cheese is super tasty but the eggs seemed undercooked and it was in need of some salt. 

Service has been hit or miss- my first visit I was helped by a jokester who was a little too casual, but using the drive-thru got me no personality or smiles at all."
"Great neighborhood park surrounding the lake- Terri's review gives more detailed info about how to find it, but it's surprisingly large with a good trail. Perfect for running, jogging, and walking, with or without a dog. Good spot for photos, too. Watch out for the ducks while in the area, as they are sometimes in the street. New favorite spot to run!"
"Cheesesteaks, cold sandwiches, and fries- simple but tasty menu, complete with a drive thru. Get your sandwich with american, provolone, or whiz, and add on onions. If you're really feeling dangerous, they also have pizza fries. Everything is made fresh and fast at this family-owned business.

EDIT: Dropping a star. I don't come by regularly but the second and third experiences were drastically different from the first. Food's still good but service leaves something to be desired, which is surprising considering they have sign spinners out to drive in more business."
"Forget about $5 footlongs, it's all about $5 smoothies on Tuesdays! Bodi Café, a small spot inside the City Athletic Club, sells a list of about 10 smoothies in small (20oz) and large (32oz) sizes for a flat $5 every single Tuesday. It's a steal. 

First drink here to try them out was the banana-nut. I added cinnamon at the suggestion of the employee (yum!) and espresso beans ($1 extra). The 32oz is massive and was more than enough for both my pre- and post-workout beverage. 

Bonus points for having a sheet of nutritional info available with the stats on each smoothie, including calorie counts for each size. I'll be making this spot my regular Tuesday stop before hitting the nearby LVAC!

EDIT: Hawaiian Harvest is another tasty shake, but my new favorite is the Chocolate Thinny Mint with Burn Fat Burn and chocolate protein powder."
"So far, I've only been able to try the cookies, but my experience is every bit as rave-worthy as the other great reviews! Shop is small but clean, menu has baked and iced sweets, as well as some sandwiches and poutine. The fair prices belie the solid homemade quality and personable service. 

The display case of cookies immediately caught my attention, and I snagged a half-dozen and a few seasonal options to boot. BF and I nibbled on them for a few days and were consistently impressed with the inventive flavors.

The churro cookie was a winner for me, with the soft texture and light cinnamon-sugar accents. The PBC (peanut butter chocolate) was just what it should be, while a similar flavor with PB, chocolate, and banana (the Heartbreaker) was even more successful. The gingerbread was classic and cute, the maple-bacon was a nicely-balanced hit, and only the Chipster didn't resonate with us. 

Salted Malted is quite a trek across town for me, but I'll be looking for excuses to head north now that I know I can sneak in a trip here- will definitely be trying more as soon as I can!"
"Aromas is a 24 hour caffeine joint- emphasis on the teas, as they make up the majority of the menu. The vanilla green tea latte is tasty, and a large clocks in just under $5. Service is friendly and helpful, and you are asked to taste your drink before leaving so they can fix or remake it to your liking if needed. Love that! Props for having lots of magazines and reading materials available.

The space seems a little cold- the seating area feels more like a hotel lobby than a cozy cafe. The pastries and treats in the case are oddly displayed in black plastic takeout boxes. In short, the staff is friendly but the location is lacking character and warmth. This is an easy fix though, and I'll be sure to pop in and see how they're doing in a month or so after they settle in.

If I'm making a wishlist, I'd love to see a customer loyalty card or stamp discount program, a simple fresh-made foods menu (rather than grab and go items), and seasonal drink specials!"
"When they advertise this as ""the cheapest zombie run in the nation"", they aren't kidding. You get what you pay for. For $20 (c/o Groupon), you too can show up early only to wander the park looking for the event. This is the most disorganized ""organized event"" I have ever experienced.

-No packet pickup the day before, everything is day-of only
-No signage on streets or within the park directing participants to the sign in area
-ONE person signing people in on a clipboard, taking down confirmation numbers without referencing any sort of confirmed list while SIX!!! pass out t-shirts?
-Trail is a joke, dirt path around a dirt hill. The original trail around the lake we were supposed to use was full of families feeding ducks, fishing, and having picnics. Clearly no one affiliated with this group bothered to make any formal arrangements for us to be there.
-""Professional makeup artists"" turning people into zombies were few, seemed like they didn't have any ""zombie volunteers"" to take peoples flags, either.
-Didn't start on time, at all. Reference my picture below. Cut off for sign in was 3:30, race was supposed to start at 4:00. By 4:15 no one had made any sort of announcement about what was going on or when we could expect things to get going.

I'm only glad I didn't pay full price. As Cassandra B put it, ""This was the worst 5K in the history of 5Ks."""
"I was hesitant to come here because most of the few reviews since the opening reference burgers- if I'm going to a place where the chef actually hails from France, I'm not there to order a burger. At least not on my first visit.

Stopped in for lunch with my guy- location is rustic chic with chalkboard menu and walk-up service, drinks in blue Ball brand canning jars, cute bar area and cozy seating. Lighting, fixtures, and other small details are quality- a lot of thought was put into the décor.

Seasoned brisket sandwich has onions and peppers, smoke gouda, and is a hefty size for the $9 price tag- pleasantly surprised. Awkward presentation in a bowl but I'll overlook that. Sides available include a salad or fries, opted for the latter which needed more crispiness.

EDIT: Dropping a star from my rating. Came back for a second meal that was far less satisfactory. The décor remains cute but the flavor seems to have been forgotten in the kitchen. Bummer, since there aren't many good dining options in this area to start with."
"I totally fell in love with this place today! BF and I are on a health food kick but still like dining out- the reviews here made me order the Ahi Tuna Tacos and the Mediterranean chicken wrap, add chicken. We split the orders, along with a side of Brussels sprouts, and were both full and happy, for just under $30. Not bad!

First impression is that this place is small but organized, and has a light and natural decor scheme. I like the grass theme that managed to be everywhere from the walls to the window stickers and the menu. The TV-screen menu with images of each dish was a nice touch.

I'm not usually an ahi tuna taco fan, but when you see so many reviews in a row raving about them, you try them. And, here at Daily Kitchen, I think I found a new favorite dining-out dish! The three tacos are a hefty portion and the tacos themselves are super tasty, with a spicy sauce that sneaks up on you, a light and crunchy slaw for texture and extra veggies, and a good amount of fresh ahi. I think I could eat these three times a week and not get bored. I may even try to test that theory- they're that good. Pricing is okay- for $13, I had expected a side.

The Mediterranean wrap on lavash with chicken is gigantic. I didn't finish my half and took it home for later. The lavash wrap is light, and the wrap is packed with tons of grilled chicken ($3 add on cost, great serving size), creamy hummus, and veggies. I only found one kalamata olive in my half, which is a good thing because their flavor is so strong that it totally overpowers the bite that it's in.  Serving size was very good on this, and the brussels sprout side was also a giant and delicious portion- I'm not sure what was on them, if they were just cooked in olive oil or if there was liquid crack in the saute, but they were phenomenal. Way better value than a generic side of sweet potato fries- though to be fair, I haven't tried them here.

Mark this down as a new favorite place for us! Might try the beet salad next time, but still sticking to the ahi tacos."
"As long as you're not expecting Tex-Mex cuisine, Cantina Laredo works- menu has Mexican food staples like tacos, enchiladas, and nachos, but with a pretentious Tivoli Village location and upscale decor. Luckily the service is better here than other spots in the shopping center!

Placing an order for pickup was quick and painless- the 15 minute estimate was right on time, and as I waited the bartender made light conversation and offered drinks. They have a ginger-citrus concoction on special that I want to come back for.

The spinach enchilada is tasty- get over the fact that you're paying $10 for a single vegetarian enchilada, because this one is large and tastes really good. The cream sauce on top is obviously not vegan, and is a lot richer than most ""vegetarian"" menu items. But I'd get it again! The tortilla soup was just okay, but not something that stood out to me.

Location is nice, they have outdoor seating available for nice weather- not clear on whether they have a HH, but their tasty food and personable service will keep them in my lunch rotation."
"It's getting harder and harder to find cheap eats, but you can practically have a three-course meal for two under $20 here! A true mom-and-pop style spot with both Hawaiian and Chinese dishes- it's rare to find anything over $10 here, and if you do, it's more than one meal's worth of food.

The garlic chicken and garlic shrimp are my go-tos, either as a plate (with rice and mac) or bowl (rice and veg), sometimes I'll add on a spam musubi. The lemon chicken is just okay, and I found the saimin super greasy. I hear great things about the malasadas but haven't yet tried them.

The ambiance may be nonexistent, but it's a solid emergency lunch spot- any time I call, they can have an order ready in 10 minutes or less, and $10 or under. Service is polite but very quiet. Double check your bag for napkins, utensils, and condiments before you go."
"I hit up this boba tea place for a treat after the Yelp Surfset workout. In keeping with the island-y theme of our workout, I went for the coconut slush with lychee. And then at the cashier's urging, added boba. 

While the flavors of my drink were quite fresh and tropical, it was a bit too much in one drink. And at nearly $7, it set me back more than I'd expected.

I'd recommend the order, as it tasted good, but maybe stick to just the lychee or the boba instead of doing both.

That being said, there's a lot on their menu that I'm interested in trying: thai tea with boba, in particular, but also a new/featured special peanut butter milk tea? I might be back sooner than I expected."
"Found at the Downtown 3rd Farmers Market on Friday mornings, Frankly Good Coffee frankly has a corner on the coffee market in this location. Offering whole beans as well as by-the-cup sales, I can only offer my insight on the latter.

Hot outside temps made me order an iced cold-brew mocha with just a tiny bit of sweetness- worked hooked it up with a slight hint of vanilla but not enough to turn my beverage into a dessert.

Though the flavor was okay, I found the coffee component very weak for a cold brew. It got me through the morning struggle, but only barely. I rarely drink more than one coffee, but had to grab another elsewhere a little later.

Would consider snagging beans in the future, as they seem to have a pretty good variety of strengths and flavors but next time I'll be more selective in choosing a beverage."
"There's a surge of new boba spots opening up lately! Mr. Z is a solid option with a cute zebra theme and a menu of interesting flavors, with a bit of a traditional slant. This is also one of only a few places in town to find mini boba!

 Seeing other reviews advising against the milk tea, we tried the pineapple lemon green tea (a daily special) with mini boba and the kumquat tea with regular boba. The teas were both on the sweet side but not overwhelmingly so, and I really enjoyed the special. The boba were a tad softer than I would like but still better than lots of other nearby options, and slightly sweet. In the future, I would request my tea less sweet.

Location is fairly small but bright and open. Even in the middle of a weekday during my lunch break, the parking lot was packed full- I did notice a sign about additional parking around back though. Love the zebra theme, looking forward to trying a slush when I come back."
"Moes is an alternative to Chipotle- menu features tacos, burritos, salads, and quesadillas, with your choice of vegetarian/tofu, or various meats. The chicken salad sans the tortilla tends to be my preference. As a major plus, this spot allows you to customize your dish with several free toppings- they do charge for guac and queso,but give generous portions of both.

Service. There was only one lady working to assemble and ring up orders when I came in on a weekend. The line grew to six people before one of the guys watching from the kitchen finally came over to help. She apologized for the delay and let me know the guac was on the house for the inconvenience- which was appreciated. 

As for flavors? The salad is the only thing I've found satisfying, and that's with tons of added grilled veggies. The queso has the right consistency but no cheesy flavor, it's really bland. This spot will work in a pinch, but I won't go out of my way to return.

TIP: Check the LVWeekly for coupons. Sometimes it's a BOGO, other times it's a free drink. Free queso day is coming up 9/17!"
"A solid steak house on the Strip, with wallet-friendly prices. Their menu has everything from steaks to prime rib, multiple soups and salads, plus fresh oysters and shareable sides. 

OYSTERS: Got the half dozen kumamoto, they were decent. Their house cocktail sauce is good, the red wine mignonette was just okay.
CENTER CUT CHOPPED SALAD: Good size, good variety of ingredients including tomato, cucumber, radish, salami, cheese, olives, and avocado. Would get again.
CAESAR SALAD: BF's favorite, here it's served with anchovies, which he loves.
FRENCH ONION SOUP: Bubbly and hot with a super-rich broth and plenty of cheese. Shareable portion.
ROSEN FARMS PRIME RACK OF LAMB: My entree pick, which was more accurately two chops with a weird presentation. It was served on two sauces (eggplant caviar and minted Greek yogurt) neither of which was very good, and a gummy, flavorless olive and mushroom risotto. The meat was good, but the rest of the plate lacked finesse. 
SALT-CRUSTED PRIME RIB: Ordered rare, received raw, returned to kitchen re-received medium well. This was just okay. Two portion sizes, might as well go for the larger one. Would get an actual steak next time instead.
TWICED BAKED POTATO & BROCCOLINI: The potato was huge, topped with cheese, and super creamy, while the broccolini was lightly seasoned and fresh. I like that you can get two sides to share for $15, selection was a good mix of healthy and hearty.
NY CHEESECAKE: Almost didn't get dessert but this was our server's recommendation, and it arrived topped with a mountain of fresh whipped cream and tons of strawberries, blueberries, and black berries, with what appeared to be an Oreo cookie crust. Very nicely done, glad we got this to share.

Overall, the menu and execution were pretty average but pricing was pretty good for the Strip and they occasionally offer a Groupon ($69 for $100 value, not valid with discount codes). Our server was Jenny, and she was great. If you're celebrating a special occasion, there are some secluded booths with privacy curtains that you can reserve."
"After a bad day at work, I needed some sushi- my GPS suggested Sushi Fever, but I saw this place on the way. The banner stretched across the entrance saying ""low price sushi and rolls"". Sign me up!

This place is set up like a round sushi bar, with individual grills for each diner for hot pot meals. I might come back here for that, but as I said, I had sushi on my mind. At 4PM, there were only two other couples present, finishing up grill meals.

The menu has two pages of sushi options that are decently-priced. I was surprised to see that the majority of roll options are fried or contain tempura-fried fish or shrimp, neither of which is my thing.
I opted for the Crazy Boy and Sahara rolls, each $8.99. There was an insert in the menu stating happy hour discount from 4pm-6pm for 20% off of the bill, so I added on a plum wine.

Wine was a decent portion for $5, super sweet like I like it. 
The rolls came out quickly: crazy boy is a bit more mild with avocado and cream cheese, but the sahara compliments it well with spicy salmon and a spicy garlic ponzu sauce. Rolls were a little on the skinny side and there wasn't much fish in them, which was slightly disappointing. It was just okay. 

Bill came to about $25. The 20% happy hour discount was not on the bill and I didn't feel like I should have to bring it to the employee's attention. I am not likely to come back, or if I do it will not be for sushi."
"If you go to an oyster bar and don't get the oysters, you only have yourself to blame. I'll admit, I was apprehensive about seafood in the desert, but Casey's half-shells are big and fresh, and their homemade creamy horseradish sauce has a nice kick to it, too. They've also got a great list of local beers- I recommend the Huss Koffee Kolsch from Tempe if they have it in stock, looks like a light beer but legitimately tastes like coffee, yum. Pregame here with a half dozen and a pint on the patio!"
"I'll start with the good: fresh-squeezed juices and cocktails is cool concept to stand out in an area overflowing with alcohol by promoting health. Location is modern and vibrant, staff is friendly and upbeat. Menu is creative and diverse with juices, smoothies, and alcoholic versions of each along with cocktails. Watermelon sangria is justifiably the popular choice here.

And for the not-so-good: Juices just didn't impress me. Small and overpriced portions ($1/oz for 12oz Pineapple Express add a shot of rum), overly iced so you are getting closer to 8oz, and the fresh fruit is clumped at the bottom where you can't even get it.
Thought maybe it was just a poor choice of drink, but the longer I was in the LINQ area, the more half-full cups I saw lying around curbs and left abandoned on tables because people couldn't actually enjoy the fruit that this business uses to stand out.

Suggestions: Go light on the ice, don't bother with 12oz cups but start at 16oz for the same price. Invest in thicker boba straws so that the fruit can be slurped up and enjoyed."
"Underwhelming- got the $12 chocolate strawberries as a Valentines gift, packaged in a pretty box with a bow for 9 strawberries. I initially thought of this as expensive, given that every grocery store has the strawberries on special right now, but figured it was a good deal for a specialty store and the fact that it was wrapped.

But for the price and the establishment, I expected large berries dipped in chocolate- not the tiny underripe ones I actually got. For a nine-piece order I guess it wasn't bad pricing, but my expectations were not met and frankly I found better at the grocery store. Pretty low bar set in terms of quality here.

Might come back to try a few other things as the cupcakes looked good and there seemed to be a bunch of pastries, but frankly I'm unimpressed. You'd think Valentines day would be a big business day for them- the service/product should be stellar not subpar."
"You can take the girl out of Texas, but you can't take the Texas out of the girl!  Homestyle décor, kids clothes and giant belt buckles, blinged-out turquoise jewelry, bunnies, chicken coops, kayaks, and all sorts of pet feed. You can find almost anything here. 

This place has all the southern decorative touches you'll want to add to your home: rustic wax warmers, vintage wall signs, and roosters of every shape and color. Prices are a bit all over the place in this section, like $100 for a rooster statue or a bejeweled picture frame, and random clearance stickers marking down items to half price. Hunt for the good stuff!

The front right-hand side has a cute little General Store area with snacks and gift items (pepper sauces, pickled okra, candies, and the like), but you definitely want to head to the back of the store to say hi to the bunnies! Around that area is also a clearance table, always worth a check- most recent finds include a $5 faucent-mount water purifier and $2 Hello Kitty duct tape. Like I said, you can find anything here."
"Strip-mall exterior hides a stylish, modern coffeehouse with an extensive menu of hot and cold beverages and smoothies. Case of decorated mini macarons, petits-fours, and cupcakes is cute and well-priced at $2/item. 

Opted for the iced Nutella soy latte- service was quiet but sweet, and the drink was tasty. Needed a bit more mixing, as most of the flavored syrup was clumped near the bottom, but I would give this spot another try. 

There's signage about social media check-in discounts as well as 15% off coupon cards scattered around- grab one on your way to the register. I didn't notice them til after I'd checked in, wish the barista had mentioned the social media discount at check out.

Really like the interior here, menu board advertises free wifi, loos like a chill spot to get some work done over the summer. Didn't see one, but hope they add a cold brew to the menu. This area needs some perking up and Illumillate is a nice start.

EDIT: Dropping a star. Killer concept, and apparently they realize it so employees think they can slack. Nope, service has to be good, too. Last latte was weak, employee was annoyed that I asked for recommendations, and the music was blasting. Uh, I'm here for coffee, not dancing."
"Fairly decent theater at Planet Hollywood- from the parking garage, go up to the Miracle Mile shops and it's across from Blondie's.

Considering they have several productions playing and multiple theaters, there were very few cashiers available. Even having prepurchased our tickets and arrived an hour before showtime, we stood in line for nearly fifteen minutes. Could not for the life of me figure out what the hold up was.
Guess they're used to going slow, because the line is set up to wind around quite a bit through the taped-off area.  

In any case, when we finally got to the front of the line, cashier was still fairly slow to locate our tickets- perhaps they need to upgrade their computers? We were asked a series of three questions asking about upgrades to our tickets (VIP, dinner, drinks)- I understand the concept of upselling, but having it embedded into the screen as a process for checkout rather than simply requiring cashiers to verbally ask seemed overly impersonal and rubbed me the wrong way.

Side note about VIP seating upgrade: it's $10 per ticket and you're all essentially in the same area, VIP seating is simply directly in front of the stage. For the shows I've been to, the performer(s) are moving around enough to where sitting directly in front is not necessary. Cost to upgrade is not worth it to me, but use your own discretion."
"I've gotta hand it to them: it's pretty genius to place a candy store right next door to a movie theater. Placement alone gets them tons of business, I'm sure. Decent selection here of prepackaged, foreign, and name-brand candies. And for those of us who don't love candy, they do have some novelty items.
But let's be real, other than the selection, the pricing isn't much different from theater concessions candy. It especially irks me that they sell by the pound yet don't have any scales around."
"I like the Metro brand, but I think they need to stick to full service restaurants and drop their counter concepts (here and Ellis Island)-- product and service are subpar, can't even compare them to the great pies available when you go to their actual restaurants. Minimal slices ready and available, disinterested service. Pizza itself was just okay, comparable to any other airport pizza place."
"Downtown is definitely the place for a vegan restaurant! Love the indoor garden, creates a great ambiance. Menu has a lot of variety, may be hard to choose what you want: apps, salads, pizzas, and various ethnic entrees, plus juices. 

MY LITTLE DUMPLING: steamed Shiitake and spinach dumplings. Easily some of the best dumplings I've had, stunningly good quality. They were clearly fresh and handmade, with ample filling, and a tasty dipping sauce to boot. But $6 for a portion of 5 just-bigger-than-bite-size bits was steep.
DOWNTOWN TONY: Trio of portabella sliders with kale and sriracha aioli. Pretty good execution, good choice of mini brioche buns, but the aioli was so sparingly applied it seemed to be on there for color rather than flavor. Dish is plated with some simple potato fries and a house-made ketchup. Again, good quality!

Dishes are flavorful but sophisticated, with a  price tag to match. Solo lunch above was a hair below $20 with tip. Service was polite and attentive, really love the way they've styled the space! I'll come back to try their vegan sushi and bao.

EDIT: Dropping a star. As happy as I am to have vegan options in Vegas, this place is inconsistent. Most recent visit was sorely lacking in both food quality (boring, simple dishes) and service (inattentive, lack of knowledge when we had questions about specific dishes)."
"Tasty lunch- and conveniently located by my work! Have gone by a few times for different sandwiches. Have heard good things about their, and likely will return to try their $55/person chef special at a later date.

 THE PARMA (a spread of european olives and pepperocini topped with assorted italian meats & cheeses including imported provolone & mortadella from parma, italy, topped with shredded lettuce, olive oil & balsamic vinegar). My BF's kind of sammie: heavy on the meats, bold on flavor. Ask for it warmed in the oven.
THE CAMPANIA (Fresh​ mozzarella, fire roasted peppers, pesto, basil, sliced tomatoes, balsamic dressing), definitely my kind of sandwich: pesto and tomato and mozz balls, that's like the trifecta of Italian perfection, and I'm so glad I ordered it. 
NEW YORK: Classic meatball sando with tons of mozz. Incredible balls. Sandwich is $11 and easily feeds two, it's my go-to. Add on the pasta fagioli soup (hearty and fresh) and the chopped salad ($8 for a huge portion) and you've gone a great lunch date under $30.

The (great quality!) bread used for the sandwiches (different for each) and the overabundance of ingredients makes for large sandwiches that can be difficult to eat in public without making a mess- as in, I practically have to unhinge my jaw-  a little awkward."
"From the outside, it looks like a smaller, cheaper version of the Container Park. Most of the spaces are cubicle-sized food stands with grab-and-go options and covered shared seating. It's essentially an outdoor food court.

And somehow, it works. Current occupants do not overlap in cuisines (pizza, poutine, coffee/donuts, gelato and Italian ice, BBQ) and there are a few boutique style shops to browse before or after your bite.

Surprisingly, despite the constant crowds at Gold & Silver and this plaza's relatively small dedicated parking lot, getting in and out (at least on weekday nights) has been hassle-free. I'm sure it fills up fast on weekends, but there's enough nearby street parking to where it shouldn't be a huge inconvenience."
"Really solid Mexican food, an especially good option for breakfast! Menu is fairly limited, salsa bar is small, the fresh red version is their best. Service is polite and food is made fresh, and I'm glad they're not cash only!

Huevos rancheros are a tasty morning option, with a really flavorful ranchero sauce and three eggs. Combo plate (taco, chile relleno, enchilada) allows you to try a lot, and comes with rice and beans: asada taco was decent, chile relleno was overbattered and underseasoned, but the chicken enchilada was great. Good sauce, will come back for the cheese version! Simple sides of rice and beans are well done."
"Last night was the last game of the season, Auburn vs Florida State. Swung by and managed to catch the last quarter here- thank goodness we did, it was epic!

That being said, this place was surprisingly empty. About 13 screens, all tuned to the game. Just a few couples, singles at the bar, and a table of security guards. 

Only seemed to be one server- an older lady with a bit of a gruff demeanor. Her customer service needs improvement. After giving us menus, she stopped by and asked if we were ready. When I asked for just another minute, she said, ""Good, I have cleaning to do."" Um, awkward.

BF and I split a six piece of chicken strips- plain with bleu cheese and ranch. BF also got a Coors Light on draft for $3 during a game day special. Strips were tasty! Big and meaty, and the ranch had a good garlic flavor to it, too. Bleu cheese was not particularly good or bad though, could have just stuck with the ranch.

Got a smile and some friendliness out of our waitress before we left- maybe she was just overwhelmed. Might go back, might not- but if you do, the chicken strips are definitely worth getting.

PS, BOGO apps on Tuesdays! Might have to go back after all..."
"Tucked into a blink-and-you'll-miss-it nook on the edge of a shopping plaza between a Ross and the Home Depot, this specialty chicken place has a few surprises in store.

Service is top-notch: we were immediately greeted, walked through the menu, invited to join their loyalty program, and made to feel that our business was appreciated. Our food was brought out, we were checked on throughout our visit, and given a goodbye as we walked out the door- all with a smile by the gentleman behind the counter.

As for the food: BF got a 6 piece fried with a side of mac, I opted for the 4 piece rotisserie with a side of veggies, and we added on a hot chick and a thai tea- the latter mostly because since when have I ever been able to get chicken strips and thai tea in the same place? Bizarre but lovely. The drink was out right away and just a smidge less sweet than I am used to. $2 cup is well-priced.

The chicken arrived hot and tasty: BF surprisingly preferred the grilled while I preferred the panko breading for the fried version. We tried several different sauces including the ranch (nothing interesting), wasabi (nice with just a little kick), honeymustard (light but not my thing), strip sauce (my favorite), and buffalo (my second favorite, dude's preferred dip). BF put it well: he'd come back for the grilled strips tossed in buffalo sauce, but the rest of the menu seemed too similar to Raisin' Cane's for his liking, and he's a huge fan of theirs.

As for the sides: the mac was super indulgent and better than the mac I've had at more formal or high-end places. Loved that the dish was still gooey and cheesy instead of dried out, which I run into a lot at places that call themselves ""southern"" or boast about being ""homestyle"". Dude, if I made this mac at home, I'd never leave... because I'd weigh 500 pounds. It's good, but definitely only get if you went to the gym that day, there's a lot of guilt involved with that much pasta and cheese.
The grilled veggies were a surprise hit with BF, he'd tack those on to his future grilled-with-buffalo purchase.

Lastly, the hot chick was oddly again one of my favorite things: a simple fried strip doused in buffalo sauce (sensing a theme?) and placed in a small bun with lettuce and tomato, it's simple and it's delicious. There's  meal option for two of those with a side, and I'd likely consider it in the future.

Final note about their loyalty program: tracks your purchase spendings by the dollar, when you reach a $60 total you get a free meal. I didn't ask for more details but I do like that it tracks with your phone number rather than yet another pesky key tag or card to keep track of."
"With Red Rock in our backyards, there's no excuse not to go regularly. White Rock Loop is the most recent trail I've checked out and the difficulty rating is probably fairly accurate if you do the entire loop. 

Park at the first paved lot and walk to the trailhead, and take the one to the RIGHT (you'll return on the left). The trail is fairly well marked and has decent elevation gain, along with a variety of terrain from sandy and rocky to a more forested part of the trail around La Madre Spring- you can add on this steeper, rocky portion to amp up your calorie burn. The regular trail is a little over 6 miles, but with the walk to/from parking, the springs, and checking out the petroglyphs and agave roasting pit area (by the picnic area), the pedometer clocked closer to 9. 

The trail is easy enough but the while distance might be a bit much for kids or some dogs. Great views but lots of sun, so take a hat and sunscreen along with your water!"
"Goodwill is always a little bit or miss, but in just moved here, was in the area, and needed furniture.

Turns out some local news station was filming a segment here, so it was a little crowded and employees were somewhat distracted.

But the furniture is straight in the back. Found 2 different tv stands that would fit my massive 52"" screen, one a bit better condition the other but both priced at $40.

Here's where you find out why I gave this place four stars: they have a teacher discount! Brought my tv stand down for. $40 to $30, AND they were happy to load it into my truck for me, too.

If it were closer, I'd go by more regularly to check stock- still need end tables and a night stand!"
"Woods Family Sandwiches has done so well for themselves in Henderson that they've now opened a new location on the East side! Specializing in Boar's Head meats, cheeses, and spreads, the sandwiches come on fresh French rolls in 6 and 9-inch lengths or your choice of a wrap. Salads, soups, and sides round out the menu.

Bread is nicely soft, protein is generously portioned and high quality per the brand's reputation, and the combination of flavors on the Blazing Buffalo Crunchy Sub (buffalo turkey, crispy fried onions, lettuce, and bleu cheese spread) worked well together. Definitely spring for the larger size, as a buck more gets you 50% more sandwich ($6.99 vs $7.99). 

Breakfast, combos and daily specials are available. There is no shortage of sandwich options in this area, but the value and service (family-owned and friendly) make this spot stand out."
"Mediocre, as far as Mediterranean in Vegas goes. BF picked up takeout here after a trip to the courthouse across the street. The gyro salad is fresh, but doesn't have much meat on it and the dressing is odd. The chicken shwarma plate was disappointing: dry meat, tzatziki is plain sour cream, pita is hard and clearly store-bought. The rice was nicely seasoned, though. Not at all worth a second visit."
"Samosas, palak paneer, basmati rice, garlic naan, and gourmet cupcakes. Wait, what?! 

This is a great new Indian restaurant- they have a lunch buffet but definitely go for the good stuff at dinner. The chef is from OKC and is famous for his lamb, so keep those dishes in mind. They also have a case of cupcakes available for dessert, and their pastry chef is from the Venetian. Everything I've had here is great.

PAPADUM: Served at the table as you order, light and crispy with a vibrant mint chutney and a syrupy tamarind dipping sauce. This is gluten free, by the way.
VEGGIE SAMOSAS: Three to an order, pairs great with the mint chutney. This has a fresh, flaky exterior and a savory filling. I like that this version isn't hard and crunchy as elsewhere.
GARLIC NAAN: Four pieces of fresh, blistered naan with garlic and fresh herbs. Always gotta get a side of this.
PALAK PANEER: Generous portion of spinach and homemade cheese. I like to get one meat and one vegetable entree, and this is my go-to order. Really liked the version here, order medium for a bit of heat.
**LAMB SPECIAL**: This dish didn't have a name, but it's four lamb chops, marinated overnight and grilled fresh in a skillet with sliced peppers and onions, with a side of basmati rice. It's like an indian take on fajitas, served sizzling hot, and enough for two to share. This is some of the best lamb I've ever had, wonderfully seasoned and not gamey. This should be a permanent menu item, I'd definitely come back for it.
CUPCAKES: They had two flavors available on my visit, both had a moist cake and a rich filling. Frostings weren't too sweet, and was clearly real butter cream. An indulgent end to a heavy meal, but so worth the calories. 

Service was attentive and friendly throughout our visit, making recommendations and providing constant refills. Location is new and clean, buffet area for lunch looks large. Chef came out toward the end of our meal, told us about his background and thanked us for our visit. Looking forward to coming back frequently, location is super convenient."
"Surprisingly clean for a Vegas dive bar! Smoking is allowed inside, but the doors are open most of the time so the smoke doesn't build up too bad. There's an outdoor seating area too, if you want to step out for some fresh air. Fairly small inside, with a stage for live music. Open kitchen in back currently has Cody's BBQ- good brisket! Signs everywhere say that water is $1- I'll assume this is to deter unsavory types from overstaying their welcome."
"Hadn't been here before, despite having locations in both Cali and Texas, when I've lived in both.
Another review, for another location, mentioned how healthy, tasty, and low-cal the shrimp burritos are here, and that is what I came for.

Ordered to go. Loved the beachy atmosphere with the tiki bar area, projected surfing/ocean scenes, and chill music. This is easily a place I could hang out for a while.

Service was friendly. Waited for my order at the bar, where I was asked for my ID even though I was just waiting. Bartendress was super sweet and apologetic about it.

Got the classic shrimp burrito, total was under $7 but it's not a burrito that is a meal on it's own (for my massive appetite). Flavors were good and fresh, simple shrimp in a teriyaki-like sauce with a bit of kick to it. Cabbage slaw, cheese, and very little else kept things fresh and healthy: no rice and beans in here!
Noticed they also had signage up that they'd recently added salmon to the menu- asked what cost would be for a salmon burrito on my next visit, and price was still under $7. Not bad at all!

Very pleasantly surprised by food quality, pricing, interior decor, and service here.

Side note: Gave an extra star for their transparency with nutrition info. Their website has an easily-found PDF file, their store has a printout, containing every dish offered here, with all meat combinations and condiments, with calorie listings and other data for health-conscious diners! Every place should offer this!"
"Formerly a dismal-at-best fried rice counter, The Rice Shop is a serious upgrade and a welcome new business in this up-and-coming plaza! Rice bowls sound so simple, but they're comforting, fresh, and hit just the right spot when done well.

Menu has about five different bowls, each with their own protein and complementary sauces, all with rice and veggies. The Mochiko Chicken Bowl is the only one I've tried so far and it was great- generous portion of fresh, juicy chicken with a great sauce, crisp veggies, and a scoop of rice. So long as you go in knowing it's mochiko influenced and not some strictly-authentic version of the dish, you should enjoy it. There are a few sides available, one being a salad with a choice of three house-made dressings (black sesame vin was my favorite.) 

Owner and Chef Tony is a treasure- I accidentally came just after close, but he opened up, let me in, and made my tasty dinner. He's charming and chatty and has some great plans for this place. I'll be coming back to try their Shrimp Bayou and porkbelly bowls soon!"
"Noticed this place when in the area for gelato and fish tacos, but reviews made it sound pretty dismal. I'm not really an AYCE sushi person, and not having a website listed or menu in the photos made me hesitant to visit.
Hesitation wasn't unwarranted, it turned out.

Went in to order takeout. Opted for the rolly roll and the pink lady roll.
Sat at the sushi bar next to an AYCE patron. As I waited, he ordered and received 3 different rolls. This began to get annoying as I waited nearly 20 minutes for my order- restaurant wasn't busy, only two other tables were in and neither was actively ordering. One other person was waiting on a takeout order and waited longer than I did.
What really irritated me was realizing that my order sat at the counter for a good 10 minutes before the older waitress noticed and brought it to me.
And then I had to remind her to charge my card before I left. Service, needless to say, is lacking.

Food was okay.
Rolly roll was one of those rounded mounds of mixed rice and fish- I'm not a huge fan of that type of ""roll"" and though there was nothing wrong with the flavor, I was annoyed that the nontraditional roll structure was not mentioned on the menu when I ordered.
Pink lady roll was just okay- sauce did not taste like any garlic ponzu I've had and the salmon almost tasted cooked rather than fresh. Disappointing."
"Adjacent to LGO Grocery, this pizzeria is a poppin' spot in Phoenix! Order at the counter and snag a table, then people-watch as your pie gets made. There's beer and wine available, and gelato next door for dessert.

Opted for the unusual with the Avocado Pizza, added proscuitto- a great brunch pizza and big enough to share! The crust was tasty and the toppings were generous. In a city with a surprisingly high number of noteworthy pizzerias, LGOP has inventive options at more affordable prices, with less wait and better ambiance."
"Despite the borderline-creepy name and completely lackluster interior, this place has a large menu of healthy options and meals packed with high-quality ingredients!

Went with the BF for lunch after a tennis game- shared a custom smoothie, the smoked salmon caprese salad, and Billy's wrap. 
Smoothie came out first, with blueberries, strawberries, peach, and pineapple- it was a large size for a good price ($5.50), and it wasn't very sweet, which goes to show that they are serious about not adding sugar or sweeteners.
Next was the salad- it was large and tasty, with sliced tomatoes and fresh mozzarella cheese, caprese-style, on a bed of mixed greens with balsamic and smoked salmon. Lots of flavor, fresh ingredients, tasty salad. The caprese and salmon components didn't particularly go together, nor did the flavors complement one another, but somehow it worked as a salad.
The wrap was damn good, too: mahi mahi with spinach, sprouts, organic brown rice, feta, and avocado, served with a tangy orange sauce for dipping. Again, noticeably fresh ingredients and packed with flavor. 

For under $30, BF and I got a huge, healthy lunch.
Hoping this place does well so they can make the location a little nicer or move elsewhere- with this menu, they'd be successful: lots of variety and healthy options put them a head above a lot of other places with better locations and nicer decor."
"Yet another review about how impossible it is to come here because they don't keep their own hours. I understand  ""island time"" but not even being open on your designated days is pretty sad.  I've come by on weekday afternoons, weekend lunch time, and shortly before close- no one is ever here. 

Neighboring businesses have received my patronage instead and have said they're not sure this place is even open. Their social media pages make  more  mention of their pop-up booths at events and plate sales rather than their actual store. What a joke."
"Jjanga, known for their sushi, is now running this spot as a Korean resto with karaoke. I have mixed feelings, since I'm not that into Korean but I really liked the sushi spot that was here before- there are a few sashimi and seafood items on the menu now, but it's largely deep fried, stir fried, and soup dishes.

OYSTERS: An order of 6 will set you back a low $10, and they're large. I did not care for how they were seasoned with a spicy sauce, but my BF really enjoyed them.
LEMON UNI: This is perhaps my new favorite way to eat uni! Generous portion, good price, served several pieces on a halved lemon. Squeeze for more juices and flavor. Would get again!
BEEF TATAKI: Decent flavors, it's a simple dish and it's about average here. Not necessarily something I'd order again.
GARLIC CHICKEN LETTUCE WRAPS: Well, there was lettuce and chicken. Lettuce was weird small pieces of iceberg that did not easily make wraps, and the chicken was juicy and breaded but lacked flavor. The provided sauce was not garlicky, but more of a peppery paste.
SCREAMING ORGASM: Sashimi salad, super saucy. The sauce wasn't flavored quite as I was used to, a bit less acidic. Generous portion, would get again.

Service at the bar was friendly, and they kept most of the cool glow-in-the-dark décor from when this spot was Fish in the Spotlight. I'll have to come back for actual Korean dishes, but I'm still mourning the fact that this isn't a sushi spot any more. I'd really prefer if this was still sushi and karaoke, regardless of the name."
"Small pastry counter by the elevators just of the casino floor of the MGM. Staff have cute uniforms with aprons and hats. Signage advertises their coffee, pastry case contains typical French-influenced breakfast baked goods and a separate case of cupcakes. All have good presentation.

Opted for a coffee and a treat. Coffee was very basic, brewed and waiting hot. Not something I'm willing to shell out the same price as Starbucks for- and there's literally one in the lobby. 

Despite signage about their cronut, they didn't have any in stock either of the two days I popped by. Cupcake was dry and had a distinct taste of refrigerator instead of freshness."
"There aren't many Indian options on my side of town. I gave this place three tries to get their act together, and it went from bad to worse. The woman who works here is rude and hostile, and actively lies to customers and Eat24 staff. All low reviews have poor service in common. Come at your own risk.

FIRST VISIT: Placed appetizer order via Eat24, notified order would take 45 minutes. Arrived after 30 minutes and female cashier flipped out on me, rudely stating there was no way it would be ready within an hour. When I clarified that I'd only ordered an appetizer, she went off on a rant about the ovens. The cook silently brought my order out from the kitchen literally five minutes later, cashier and an apology were nowhere to be found. Tandoori wings were good but samosas were the tiny frozen variety from the grocery rather than the larger ones I expect at restaurants.

SECOND VISIT: This was a wash, because I placed an online order for pickup again only to get texts from Eat24 about how my order wasn't available. I guess it happens sometimes, but I ordered the most basic of Indian dishes, saag paneer. There's a grocery store literally in your parking lot. How does this happen? Strike 2. 

THIRD ATTEMPT: Placed an order for mutton biryani. Came in to pick up, same woman said she didn't confirm the order with Eat24, handed me their lunch menu and said I could order now. When I asked about my order, she said it's not her problem and to call Eat24. I asked why she chose not to fill my order knowing I'd be coming in to pick up food and get nothing, essentially wasting my time. She then backtracked and said she didn't know I had placed an order, she was just guessing. She was talking over me and interrupting as I tried to work this out, extremely unprofessional. It seems they're regularly refusing to fill Eat24 orders over some beef with the company. Not my problem, but after wasting my time twice, I will never be back."
"My first thought when I walked in was that it was very similar to Soho- same minimal style, same red-black-white decor scheme, same salsa bar items, even a similar little mascot dude pictured on the wall. The location itself was clean, and the staff were friendly.

Ordered a bowl and a burrito to split with m guy- the $6 Ronin burrito isn't a bad deal for the large portion and the flavors worked well together. Their featured bowls are a small list with only one protein each, which I found odd. The salmon bowl was unimpressive, with a huge portion of hot(!) rice and an overwhelming wasabi flavor that wasn't in the description.

 Seems the staff mixed up the sauces for our items, but since we ordered takeout I couldn't address it with them. I found it interesting that the menu has quesadillas and elote, but haven't tried either yet. I'll likely try this place again after a nearby workout, but Yoshi has a few kinks to workout and some improvements to make to stand out from the many other options around."
"Please don't let this place be your introduction to the Metro Pizza company. It's a counter in a run-down off-strip casino, and it tastes like any other similar spot- average, thin crust, a little greasy, pretty meh cheese... nothing compared to their real locations. 

 They do have a menu offering a few more of Metro's dishes, but this is primarily for grab and go slices. Note that they have BOGO slice and whole pie specials on Sundays and Thursdays. Service is quick but not particularly friendly."
"Decent Thai food, nothing to really write home about. Spice scale is 1-5, a three is a bit hotter than I've had elsewhere. Tom Kha soup is decent, the angel wing appetizer is tasty- ask for extra dipping sauce. Prices are fair, service is friendly. Takeout or lunch specials are the way to go."
"Tiny gas pumps and a Redbox kiosk. 
When I say ""tiny"" gas pumps, I mean there are four clumped together so close that really only one car can be on each side at a time. But most 7-11s don't have gas pumps in the first place, so it evens out.

Service inside is quick, people are in and out fast, and concessions area is organized. Not one of the seedier convenience stores, but I've only been here during daylight hours- seems to be mostly a neighborhood stop for quick snacks or items you forgot at the grocery store."
"Andre's is a welcome addition to the Vegas dining scene! The food quality coupled with reasonable prices prove that ""you don't need a silver fork to eat good food,"" - a quote  by Paul Prudhomme featured on their exterior that encapsulates what Andre's has to offer. 

HAPPY HOUR: My first visit for HH was stellar. Bar seating, TV tuned to a Spurs game, attentive but unobtrusive service, and incredible food. The frog legs ($8) were a pleasant start to the meal but Andre's burger (a $7 steal!) stole the show, with gooey gruyere, red onion marmalade, and truffle mayo coming together to combine the flavors of a burger with French onion soup. The sturdy pretzel roll held up well, too.  It was marvelous and that burger was on my mind for days. Days! 

BRUNCH: Came with a group and tried several dishes but was less impressed. Standouts were the escargots (so garlicky, request extra bread!), Artisanal Sausage Platter (loved the lamb!), the crispy Liege-style Belgian waffles, classic French Onion soup, duck fat fries, and the desserts (order the souffle ahead of time). Unfortunately, several dishes were marred by cooking errors. The Chicken and Waffles featured a great gravy but limp waffles and soggy chicken, while Andre's Classic Benedict was skimpy on the ham and unremarkable other than the side of crispy potatoes. Most of the items on a friend's charcuterie board went unfinished while a burger was received at the wrong temperature. Our server wasn't around much and refills had to be requested but he was pleasant enough. Perhaps they were understaffed. 

""First we eat, then we do everything else,"" (MFK Fisher)- The dishes I liked I really liked and would return for, while I remain hopeful that a future dinner visit will fare better than brunch in terms of execution and satisfaction. 

TIP: Happy Hour is 3:30-5:30, daily. It's the only time the Bistro Hot Dog is available; it's made in-house and regularly sells out. I've yet to have it but hear it's worth the wait."
"I'm a little baffled- a place named for seafood has fairly lackluster reviews for their sushi and seafood items. Others have complained about pricing but most rolls average $12 or less, didn't feel like anything was inappropriate. 

 I wholeheartedly agree with Reggie that the GARLIC BASIL EGGPLANT dish is to die for! Awesome takeout option for Meatless Monday or just when you're craving something lighter- contains several cloves of garlic, crispy for texture and high on flavor. $10 gets you a portion with rice that is easily two meals."
"I really hate to do this- updating a review with a lower star score. I raved about this place not two months ago and had an amazing first visit. I came back this evening  specifically because it was so awesome. I ordered nearly the exactly the same thing...but it feels like I was at an entirely different restaurant- and not in a good way.

Ordered the ahi tuna tacos for myself, again, and my guy opted for the spicy thai chicken wrap this time, with the same side of Brussels sprouts. 
Tacos were not as big as last time, and other than the fish, they only contained carrots (no cilantro?), one lonely avocado slice, and a squirt of sauce. What was fresh and popping with flavor last time was underwhelming and bland this time, and the bottoms of the tacos were drenched to the point that they were nearly soggy with lime juice (or maybe it was water from the carrots?) and dripping everywhere.
The wrap had a lot of very spicy sauce- possibly meant to drown out the small amount of dry chicken. Wrap, like the tacos, had noticeably less filling this time, and the flavor was off balance: proportions wrong, overwhelming sauce, not much else to speak of.
Even the sprouts, so delicious and flavorful last time, were the last item out and somehow undercooked- left half the bowl behind, flavorless and rock-hard.

I have no idea what happened.
The food wasn't anywhere near as good as our first visit. I'll give them one more try, maybe today was an off day, but the differences were like night and day... I want the tacos I had in March back! :("
"Cuban food is not one of the cuisines I crave, but friends have clued me in that Cuba Cafe is the top spot in town for legit eats. I was warned not to go for the Cuban sandwich though, because that's pretty standard anywhere- come here for more adventurous dishes.

The sampler plate is a good option, with four different meats to figure out which you like. The spicy stewed pork dish was my favorite, but the shredded beef was good too. A thick sliced pork was on the dry side. And I've never really been into maduros. Solid intro option.
But really keep an eye on the specials- came in and found Pork Bruschetta one day and it was flipping fantastic. Two skewers of grilled pork with veggies, like a cuban take on kabobs, over a flavorful rice with a tomato-based sauce. Everything was full of flavor and the meat had a great smokey taste to it. Bonus points for siding this with a light salad with crunchy cabbage and a slightly sweet dressing, which really complemented the heavier main dish. Wish this was on the regular menu!

Cuba Cafe is a great leisurely lunch option. An evening visit will treat you to live music and dancing, but I prefer to converse. Full bar available."
"Tiny bar on the gaming floor at GVR- it looks upscale, but the prices are the only part that match. Service is not attentive, barely had time to down my drink before dining elsewhere on property, defeating the whole point of stopping. Come with company to be entertained, because their TVs are not conveniently placed (or tuned) to enjoy a sports game."
"Surprisingly upscale interior and a relatively traditional menu- apps, wraps, plates, and even Halal desserts round out the menu here, featuring currys and other Indian specialties on weekends. They also have several vegetarian and vegan options.

Interior is very nice- in fact, that walk-up counter is kind of odd (and there are two of them?). Not sure why that layout was chosen over offering table service. Pricing is fair on most items, but some need to come down: $8-10 for a wrap without a side is a little steep considering the fast-casual setup they chose to implement. But they have adjusted their pricing on some items, like doubling the (originally) 2-piece falafel app to 4 pieces for the same $5 price tag. But for $10/wrap, there should be a side.

Falafel is good here- but falafel wrap is dry, highly suggest adding hummus or babaghanouj for moisture and added flavor. Unfortunately the drizzle of tzatziki sauce doesn't quite cut it. 
Veggie samosa was tasty- sided with the red Lazeez's sauce is a surprisingly balanced combo, the fruit-based sauce balances out the heat of the filling. But I don't understand why 1 smallish veggie samosa is $2.50 while an order of 4 chicken samosas is $5.

Tip to management: even if you don't offer table service, do away with the red plastic baskets for serving your meals, they're cheap-looking. Invest in real dishes and silverware. And remove the ""Bus your own tables!"" note above the trash, it's tacky."
"New ownership prompted a revisit to Rolling in Dough, now marketed as a cafe rather than a bakery! The lunch specials seem to be their forte these days, with a decadent burger and a warming grilled cheese-tomato bisque combo. 

They still have a case full of baked goods and most are done fairly well but I'd stick to the dessert items over pastries such as croissants and danishes that have seemed less than fresh on a couple of visits. I've also been underwhelmed by lattes here- staff have seemed confused about how to make their specialty drinks, so that's an area to improve upon. Stick to actual food items here for best experience. 

Exterior signage states that they now offer a wine bar menu- may revisit to check that out with friends, but for now I'll stick to lunches. Next on my list is the BLT with pimiento cheese!"
"Tucked into the El cortez is this newish pizza spot- you order at the counter but the dining room and menu are both larger than expected for such a place. Service was exceptionally friendly but it wasn't enough to save my white slice, which was very dry. Came back for a regular pepperoni slice and it was pretty average. 
Rounding up my review a bit due to the variety offered here: salads, sandwiches, and entrees along with full size specialty pies. They're fairly new, hoping a return visit in a few months yields a better actual product."
"There's a yoga studio upstairs inside the Town Square Whole Foods. I wouldn't even know about it without Yelp, because the signage is limited. Check their online schedule, then meet in the dine-in area in the bakery. I posted a photo so you know what to look for: video screen has info on instructors and class times, but I walked right by without noticing it.

I took a class here a ways back with Jada Fire that I really enjoyed, and most recently went back on International Yoga Day for a Candlelight Yin Yoga class with Jenn. Though Jenn was super nice and the candlelight was cool, I found out this is not my preferred yoga style and it pretty much just put me to sleep. 

Prices are a bit high per class, IMO- about $20 without a package or monthly membership. Actual studio is a single room, with blocks and other supplies available but you need to bring your own mat. Wish the Charleston WF would get a studio, as that location is much more convenient for me.

TIP: Follow BFS on social media (IG) to keep informed of their discounts and special events."
"Have had decent experiences with their other location- although the tea is good here (my pick being the pineapple green), the boba has been dismal. One visit it was rock-hard, then today it was so mushy it was falling apart. Both times I drank the tea and ended up tossing the boba. Unacceptable when you claim to be #1."
"Remember the ""and then"" scene in Dude Where's My Car with the Asian drive-thru lady? The service here makes her look like the employee of the month.

Everyone I encountered was polite but clueless. Cashier line moved slowly and the ordering process somehow took five minutes per person. AND THEN, my transaction amount didn't match menu pricing, no explanation given. AND THEN, I waited for salad to be made to order, only for them to make the wrong one. I corrected them a few times, showing on my receipt that I ordered the 7 Layer Chicken, but employee assured me she was making my order correctly... AND THEN she continued double checking the menu board and adding ingredients for the Southwest Salad.

AND THEN my order was packed with a flimsy lid that fell off and scattered my food all over the bag. After half an hour waiting, I was running late so I just took the wrong order. AND THEN, when I finally got to eat it, I found my order to be one of the more unappealing salads I've ever ordered, and portion was closer to a side salad than a meal. I have no idea how this place stays open."
"I didn't even know the Cosmo had a theater til Roger T reached out to me with free tickets to this show. Produced by Spiegelworld, I had high hopes.. unfortunately, they weren't really met. The performers were likeable and the show itself had a cohesive plot instead of just being a nebulous string of stunts, but some parts push the limits of what one might call ""entertainment"". 

Favorite parts include Sputnik and the purple balloon- acts that were unusual and interesting but didn't push into the stomach-turning arena of the banana portion. The performers seemed more skilled in the areas of acting and filling an unusual role than they were standouts in a particular skill set like juggling, balance, dance, etc.I did find the space-theme gimmick fun, but it was absurd and awkward more than anything else. If you luck into free or steeply discounted tickets, go for the fun of it. But I wouldn't pay their ticket price and don't see this lasting long."
"Holy shit, you guys. This place is the real deal.
I usually don't use profanity, but this gumbo? Polite words don't cover how amazing it is.

I took my BF on a foodie roadtrip to Louisiana last summer- the food is amazing, seafood and gumbo and boudin and crawfish, oh my! It's all phenomenal. But when we moved so far away, I gave up hope of having cajun food that good any time soon- but this place came up with a near-perfect score on the Yelp app, and I came within a week of moving to Vegas. From the outside, it's unimpressive and a bit odd- but don't let that stop you. You're here for FOOD, not ambiance.

All I can say is, this gumbo is damn amazing. I ordered a large seafood gumbo to go, got home, and have barely made a dent in the order and am blown away. The portion is huge, and it's chock full of okra, sausage, shrimp, crawfish, and crab- I'm pretty sure there's an ENTIRE crab in my container. I've counted two legs so far, and I'm only halfway through the entire order... Which probably isn't meant for one person, but they'll have to fight me for more than just a taste of this stuff!

On top of the amazing food is amazing service- I believe I was helped by the owner herself, who made a minor mistake running my card manually, and then went above and beyond to fix the issue. Totally unnecessary, but thoroughly appreciated!

Stellar food, spectacular service. Gonna be coming here pretty regularly- gonna have to grab some sweet potato pie next time! Maybe I'll make Sundays my unofficial Louisiana appreciation days- they're open noon to 4PM!"
"According to some list I read, this buffet regularly ranks in the top five in Vegas. Unfortunately, there's a really big gap between #1 (Bacchanal) and anywhere else. Like most buffets, this place has some solid dishes and a lot of fillers. Their gimmick, being in the Paris casino, is having French dishes. Unfortunately, buffet-quality French simply isn't that great.

HITS: chicken de Provence, truffle and veggie cavatappi pasta, prime rib was solid, eggs were cheesy as hell if you're into that sort of thing, crepe station, Sunday brunch includes champagne that is surprisingly good despite low retail price, limited dessert selection for  a place that's hyping up their French affiliation.

MISSES:  French onion soup is super salty dregs, pate at charcuterie area is not good, their entire sushi selection consists of literally a single crab maki roll, entirely too many breakfast options still out at 2PM, heated plates at dessert station lead to melted desserts. 

SERVICE: They're busy, I get that. Hostess is inefficient, three groups of 6+ held up the line for half an hour until someone came up and figured out that pairs could be seated immediately and the line started moving again. Our server either had far too many tables or short term memory loss, served half our drink order then forgot the alcohol until we reminded her half an hour later (the next time we saw her).

Not the best buffet but certainly not the worst. Pricing is decent, but only if you like filling up on grilled meats and think a selection of  fancy breads makes you ""French""."
"Outstanding show, opulent theater, outrageously talented performers: that's O!
I've been wanting to see this show since my first visit to Vegas and the wait was well worth it. Show itself was amazing, the characters and scenes made me think of a Dali panting brought to life. 

As at other Cirque shows, there is little to no story line- this show seems to be more of a dreamlike world and I enjoyed the mostly instrumental music. 
The introductory scene is always a can't-miss moment: from the oddball characters interacting with the audience prior to start, to the way the opaque red curtains are removed to show the unique stage. The various stage transitions were by far the most unique aspect of this show specifically- I now have much more respect for my former college roommate, who was a synchronized swimmer.

Favorite performances were the girl balanced on her head (you'll know her when you see her), the endless ladder going up to the ceiling, and the black-and-white-striped dancers with the metal rack- think Jabbawockeez on steroids, in midair, over water.

If you ever have the opportunity to see this show with VIP tickets, it is quite a luxe experience with a great view that allows you to see the entire stage without the constant neck-swiveling to make sure you don't miss anything."
"After much anticipation, Cafe 86 has finally opened a location to get our ube treat fix without an hours-long drive! If you like ube, this place will be your jam- from cheesecakes to brownies, cupcakes and truffles, and even a milkshake, the majority of the goods here are made with the trendy purple yam. 

The truffle is my favorite, packed with flavor but probably the least photogenic option on their menu. On the other end of the spectrum, the Churrochi (mochi pancake/waffle with cinnamon sugar and ice cream) is probably the most-snapped dish but not something I enjoyed. You can't really go wrong with the Ube Leche Flan cupcake or the Ube Cheesecake Cupcake (though I wish the latter used a liner). They also have brownies (in ube, matcha, and thai tea), as well as a few lunch sandwiches (including, oddly, pastrami?), and a variety of drinks. 

Even if you just pop in to grab a photogenic treat, there's plenty here to find something you like. If you have your heart set on a particular item, you may want to call ahead as the full menu isn't available daily. Also, I hear the selection is best earlier in the day. Or you could just wing it and see this as a reason to stop by frequently!"
"This review is for the service department, not sales.
For starters, their website is very user-friendly: schedule an appointment and even look over the types of services they offer without leaving home. A simple phone call can get you pricing information.

Staff is courteous, and I really appreciate Mario, the service manager- I received an estimate that was much higher than expected and he was able to provide some wiggle room using coupons from their website (check them out for yourself!) that I didn't even know were there.

Bonus star for assessing my maintenance needs quickly, providing a detailed estimate by email, and going above and beyond to record and send a video of my car's engine to show specifically what was wrong and why it needed immediate attention."
"Great service from Bob Gove. Went in yesterday and spent several hours with him, debating between buying our lease car or leasing a new Civic or Accord. Ultimately decided to buy, after running through various financing options with the ever-patient Bob.

Lot was organized, staff was courteous, and all options were explained thoroughly in a straightforward manner. Evon in financing is a bit strong when pushing the extended warranty, but we ultimately decided against it. Hard-sell got old, not thrilled with this portion of our evening but understand it's part of their job.

Additional star for great service, as Bob helped with insurance set up, registration/plates, and other car-related issues that aren't strictly under his responsibilities- going the extra mile was greatly appreciated."
"Old school movie theater in a smoky off-Strip locals casino. Prices are on par with nicer theaters ($18 for matinee adult + senior), so you'll get a better value elsewhere. Luckily, all auditoriums have stadium seating and despite going to see a movie on opening weekend, the place was deserted. Props for having an exterior entrance right by the theater, so you don't have to spend much time winding through the casino.

Unfortunately, despite the limited exposure, I still left smelling of smoke. That plus the pricing situation makes me unlikely to make this my first choice movie spot. But the auditorium and bathrooms were clean, and staff at box office and concessions were nice."
"Maybe it's my aspirational New Years resolutions, maybe it's my general lack of self control around carbs, but I love any pizzeria that offers a by-the-slice lunch option: the version here comes with two slices and a drink (bottled, not canned) for $6, with the option to add on toppings at fifty-cents apiece.

Found the crust to seem oddly premade given the uniformity of the thickness and turned-over crust. Did not have bad taste though. Cheese was quality, and I appreciated that the pizza here was not as greasy as most other by-the-slice places in town. Full-pie menu offers vegetarian specialty and carnivorous specialty topping versions, menu also has pasta dishes, sandwiches, and dessert.

Location has an open kitchen that is kept clean, polite service, and some minimal Italian theme décor. I particularly like the grape lights lining the windows. Casual atmosphere or grab-and-go sort of place, also offers delivery."
"Generally when I got to a deli, I expect sandwiches and most likely soup. Here, the sky's the limit with sandwiches, flatbreads, and now even pizzas. But the salads are all super-basic and the soups are limited to two a day, in bizarre flavors like cheese-bacon or boring standbys like chicken and rice. 

Sandwiches are fine here, fresh with good sauces- I particularly like their fiesta chicken with a chipotle sauce, and give them props for having pesto on more than one single sandwich. 

Service is friendly, location interior is much nicer than the run-down exterior would suggest- lived down the street for months before I realized it wasn't closed down!"
"3.5 stars, rounding up to 4. Partially because, lets get real, there are limited dim sum options here in Las Vegas. I was introduced to dim sum when I lived in the Bay area, so my standards are a little higher than your average bear.

Came in for an early dinner at about 6PM.
Love how they have the cart ladies circulating around with goodies- so many places in SF simply have you order from the menu and only have carts on Sundays or lunch service. Here you can do carts and also order menu dishes if you want.

We got probably half the menu, including shrimp shu mai (tasty), shark dumplings (have to try), shrimp noodle roll (personal fave), fried shrimp ball (BF's fave), crab ball (star of the night, at $7/a pair), steamed pork bun (mediocre), chinese broccoli (must-have) and duck (which we didn't need at all but was tasty- especially with the sauce).

Made the mistake of ordering the soup dumplings, which they said would take 10 minutes- and we waited and waited and waited. And my eyes are bigger than my stomach, so I got steamed pork buns while I waited (way too sweet, did not even finish one).  The lady told us they were ""coming right out"" four times. Eventually it was a solid half hour to get our three soup dumplings- and they weren't very good, and only had about a sip of soup inside of them. Underwhelming, would not get again.

We spent just shy of $50, which is absurd for dim sum, but predictable for our over-ordering habits. It's probably also why we only have dim sum once every month or two. Dining room is nice, much larger than expected though you san see it's a large place from the outside. Service was friendly and attentive throughout, other than that ridiculous wait for the soup dumplings."
"Jewel's was one of the highlights of my most recent trip to Phoenix. One of my coworkers raves about this bakery and special orders their gluten-free bread loaves several times a year and has them shipped. They're that consistently good!

Besides the special-order and bakery options (with a case full of GF, vegan, non-dairy, nut-free, etc cupcakes and cookies), they also operate a breakfast/lunch cafe- the whole menu is available the whole day, which allowed us to each eat our favorite foods.

The GF Chicken and Waffles is one of the best versions I've tried, GF or otherwise. That Sriracha honey is bomb! The AZ omelet is packed with veggies and served with roasted potatoes, surprisingly filling. I also really enjoyed the Grilled Veggie Shawarma bowl, but wish there were a soy tzatziki/cheese option to make it fully vegan.

Service was super sweet, our special order was ready when we arrived, and they offer a free cookie with Yelp check-in! The vegan snickerdoodle was soft, chewy, and just the right amount of sweet. Wish we had a Jewel's in Vegas, love how well they accommodate specialized diets while still serving up flavorful food at reasonable prices."
"They're not TOYS, they're ACTION FIGURES!!1!1
This place mostly seems geared toward adults- sports, series, and franchise action figures and collectibles dominate the selection. The POP brand of miniature stylized figures in particular is a bit overwhelming. The small square boxes are stacked up the wall, and if a kid has been grabbing his favorites the selection can be a bit hard to pick through- Buffy characters in with Disney villains, princesses mixed in with Supernatural, etc.
Price range for the figures ranges from a reasonable $10-15 to other items going for $50+.

This is more a place I would look for a gift for a young adult than a child, but they do have puzzles, stuffed animals, and various games if you're here to pick up a birthday present for the littles in your life."
"Chicago-themed eatery with dogs and Italian beef sandwiches, with pizza puffs, gyros, and wings available too. Comparable quality to the Al's Beef on Sahara, which I was at recently. Great combo meals available, combining one or two mains with a side of fries (and the side of fries is enormous).

Italian beef, hot and wet: Better sando than Al's executed. Sandwich was adequately moist, beef was tender and high quality with great flavor, hot pepper sauce also had a kick of garlic to it. 

Foot long Vienna Chili Cheese Dog: a bit confused as to why this was two regular dogs on one 12"" bun, but the chili and cheese were both good. Definitely add onions to this. Poppy seed bun is a great little upgrade.

Chicago Style Dog: Not as good as the one I had at Al's, can't put my finger on why. Bun didn't hold up too well, flavors seemed a little muted compared to other versions I've had.

Pizza Puff: Basically a ballpark version of a pizza hot pocket, complete with odd processed flavor but it totally brings back the memories for me. Probably don't ever need to get this but it's a cheap $3.50 add-on to your meal, and big enough to split.

Side of fries was huge and salty, one is enough for two to share and then some.
Will come back to try the wings and gyro eventually, so for I've been sticking to their staples. Service is very friendly, takeout orders are well-packed in wax paper and about an entire roll of foil to travel well."
"In short: the food is fine, but service and ambiance are nonexistent. Go in knowing that and you should be just fine. Arm yourself with a Groupon for a discount and you really won't mind.

Walked in to staff watching TV in the dining room. I walked in and they abruptly shut it off and dispersed. I sat at the sushi bar and ordered two rolls and a miso soup. I got my water, but no soup. Chef made my rolls and made small talk. He was friendly. Server who took my order and rang me up said but two words to me, never checked on me, refilled my drink, or brought the soup. 

Menu has standard Americanized rolls- in addition to the usual Philly-Cali-Dragon stuff, there are a few house rolls, each around $10. Menu also offers AYCE, kitchen items included in addition to the sushi. There are some interesting options to make any roll into a low-carb cucumber roll (riceless) for a flat rate, or to make a sushi burrito, with iceberg lettuce? Didn't opt to try those items.

The Julio Jr roll (Chopped albacore, green onions, cucumber topped with halibut, cilantro, jalapeño and ponzu sauce) was fresh but didn't have much of the ponzu sauce, which probably would have kicked up the flavors a bit. The Salmon Lemon roll (Salmon tempura, garlic aioli, masago, avocado, asparagus, topped with salmon, lemon, ikura and ponzu sauce) was decent, even if the combination of tempura salmon and fresh salmon was a new (and odd) one for me. Neither the asparagus nor the ikura had much flavor. 

Can't say I'm likely to come back.  It wasn't even so much the lack of service from the server that was an turn off, so much as their overall careless attitude. No thanks."
"Decent HH specials, full bar available, patio seating out front. Inside looks like it was once some sort of cantina, but menu is full Thai. I appreciate that they have several apps and small plate options.

GARLIC BASIL FRIES were topped with a few basil leaves but no garlic whatsoever. Extremely disappointed, as they were the item I was most excited about. They weren't even decent fries, they were overly greasy, limp, and unseasoned.
FRESH BUDDHA ROLLS are giant spring rolls wrapped in rice paper, good value at $5, add shrimp for a dollar more otherwise this is a pointless order.  Majority of filling is browning iceberg lettuce with some basil. Confused about why the order comes with such a miniscule amount of peanut sauce- the cup was literally less than a third full. Not worth getting without adding the shrimp
SALT AND PEPPER SHRIMP: Shrimp did not seem the freshest, no salt and pepper present in the order. Shrimp seemed leftover and reheated with mushy breading, a few sliced fresh jalapenos were thrown on top. 

Tossed 2 of the 3 items I ordered. Probably would not come back. I suggest going during HH if you simply have to try it out for yourself."
"I was bummed but not surprised to hear this spot had closed. Despite tasty food and warm, friendly service in a gorgeous build-out space, all of Contento's standout qualities couldn't make up for the poor location inside Jerry's Nugget casino.

I visited a couple of times and tried a good portion of the menu- pizzas and all things carby were their specialties. They had an in-house baker and the quality of all things baked was stellar! Pastas and entrees were unfortunately hit or miss for both dine-in and takeout orders, but you could easily make a meal of various apps. Wine list had limited Italian options and mostly sold by the bottle, which limited what I was interested in pairing with my meals.

I am hopeful that the talented kitchen crew and friendly service staff can find a new home in a better location, their food is definitely going to be missed by those who live in the area."
"NOTE: If you are planning to visit, be aware that this establishment is under new management with a new menu that has done away with many of the dishes other reviews praise (lobster mac and cheese, poutine, pork nuggets). I also didn't see the pastry case or ""pantry"" shop area earlier reviews mention. I suggest focusing on the most recent reviews.

Came in for a weekday lunch with Bethany E. I dig the masculine lounge feel of the place and like that we were able to snag a cozy booth for our visit. Staff were attentive and the food was okay. Menu is still several pages but what we ordered didn't wow- spinach artichoke dip was thin but tasty, and better with the bread basket than the tortilla chips, but neither of us finished our sandwiches. My eggplant parm was okay, but a little boring. Side salad was just mixed greens and Italian dressing, but it was a good dressing with fresh oregano. 

I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way to come back, but I do hope this spot finds it's niche.  Nothing was actually bad, but it was very average. They either need to bring back the items that previous customers loved, or redo the menu to focus on better execution.

PET PEEVE: The parking lot is small, and they have the majority of spaces blocked off for valet. If I wasn't meeting someone here that would have turned me off enough to dine elsewhere. It's completely unnecessary, especially for weekday lunch."
"Popped in recently with some friends to share a dozen on a Saturday. Location is small and sparsely decorated but owner Dominic was friendly and engaged with us, talking about favorite flavors and bringing out a few specials for us to try- like the Afternoon Delight, a special-order PB&J flavor with a great grape filling that tasted spot-on like your favorite childhood sandwich!

Prices are very reasonable here, with tiers for ""classic"" style (basic) donuts, a second ""tasty"" level with upgraded toppings or frostings, and ""fancy"" donuts ($2.25/ea) that are competitive with what other local spots are putting out, riffing on Girl Scout Cookie flavors and mixing in candy flavors. Favorites for me were the red velvet with cream cheese frosting and sprinkles, the Samoa flavor, S'Mores (great marshmallow fluff frosting!), and the aforementioned PBJ special. The apple fritter I sampled could have used more apple and the Blue Magic (blueberry + cinnamon toast) was understated and underwhelming, but overall most donuts had great rise and weren't too sweet. I'll have to come back for the El Jefe, with horchata frosting and a fresh-fried piece of churro!

NOTE: Only bottled refrigerated drinks available. Grab your coffee elsewhere!"
"Just around the corner from the Beat Coffeeshop (literally in the same building) is a mini-maze of galleries- fun to wander for a few minutes with your brew. Many of the rooms are working spaces, so you may not actually encounter any artists but there is a lot of material on display in the halls.

I was most impressed with a photographer on the first floor, with vivid nighttime desert scenes! Majority of work in other spaces was paint on canvas, but there were some 3D, found art type works as well. Some pieces have a label with artist name, piece name, and pricing, but many do not. 

Second floor has an interesting mural of a tree made out of doll parts, in addition to a few non-art businesses like a spa (Feetish) and a tax/accounting company. Found that a bit odd, but office space in downtown is office space downtown and who doesn't like coffee just a short walk downstairs?"
"PER was my first escape room experience, and even though we ended up needing about ten extra minutes, it was so much fun! They have three room themes, and you can opt for competitive or cooperative team games, or a combination.

We opted for the Pipeworks room, which has a steampunk theme and a scenario where participants take on the role of engineers. Some of the clues were extremely difficult and even when we got tips, it was hard to understand how we were supposed to make the leap to understand how to get through the process on our own. And this was supposed to be the room with the highest success rate!

TIP: It sounds like a fun idea but don't let your teammates drink before coming here, unless you're working against them."
"Sandwiched between a donut shop and a pizzeria is this nondescript-from-the-outside sushi spot, recently under new management and offering up a lot of bargains. 

PROS:
+ Half price special rolls from 3-5PM
+ Lunch price AYCE is $15 and goes until 4PM
+ Sit at the sushi bar and chat with the friendly staff
+ Creative rolls (including one with peanut butter!*) named after celebrities (such as the Salmon Hayek)
+ Dinner option includes a sashimi plate

CONS:
- Nigiri is cut uneven and ragged, not sure if this is due to knife skill or knife sharpness but they're not the thick, pretty cuts of fish I usually go for
- Rolls are super rice-heavy, you'll fill up fast... they also fall apart easily.
- Unclear whether half-rolls are available, was told I could get a half for my last one?
- Dessert mochi is literally a single mochi cut in half, kind of stingy. Not available for lunch.

Experience wasn't bad, I didn't have the poor service several other reviews mention. Unfortunately, I share Allen's opinion: I'm not going out of my way to return here, since there are better options closer to me.

*The Sticky Icky roll inclues peanut butter, shrimp tempura, coconut, and a few other ingredients and sounds absolutely revolting to me. Staff said it was more of a dessert roll and extremely rich, but when new management took over and removed it from the menu, people asked for it so much that they brought it back."
"I usually prefer mom and pop Italian joints rather than overpriced chains, so dining at Maggiano's was not my choice but a colleague's. One dinner visit was enough to change my mind about this place though, their service was stellar and the menu was more reasonably priced than I expected with Italian-family-size portions. I found myself back here within a week for lunch. 

The classic chicken parmesan is easily enough for two, with two huge cutlets topped with mozz and marinara plus a side of spaghetti. If you're planning to share, add on the house salad to round things out. My ""light"" chicken francese is not the best version of this dish I've found, but if I hadn't specified the low-cal version I wouldn't necessarily have known, as the lemon-butter sauce still tasted pretty rich. The chicken marsala, a coworker's go-to, was so good that it's all she'll get here. I tried the sauce and made a mental note to come back for it but would probably request extra mushrooms.

I still find myself more likely to suggest a quieter local business, but now that I'm more familiar with the Maggiano's brand and menu, it's a dining spot I'll suggest when looking for eats in the downtown Summerlin area.

TIP: If you were also under the misimpression that this place is pricey, join their email list. I now get discount coupons weekly. Literally, weekly."
"Cute little mom and pop ice cream shop, run by a friendly couple. It's a blast from the past, complete with kid-friendly flavors like Circus Animal, Bubble Gum, and Rainbow. Pricing is old-school too, as ice cream for two was under $8 and it was more than we could consume.

Your best bet (especially if you're indecisive) is the 4-mini-scoop dish, just under $4. It'll last you all weekend, it's just that massive. Or go for a classic cone, around the same price. They can also make shakes. Flavors are solid, exterior advertises that they have Thrifty's ice cream. The cappuccino crunch and black cherry vanilla are good options, they also have chocolate-dipped house-made waffle cones that look amazing."
"I had high hopes for this place- but unfortunately they were not quite met. Interior is fairly plain and looks like a banquet hall, but the Persian territory map is a nice touch and I like that they have a bakery next door. But I felt the food was overpriced and underwhelming.

Beef Koobideh ($10) was a good portion of two skewers with rice, salad, and a plentiful portion of bread. Flavors were good but rice was a bit soggy, side salads were fine. Overall, I think going to Shish Kabob House one block down is a better value. Other kabob dishes here reach $17-20, which is absurd considering what is offered at SKH of comparable quality. 
Gheimeh Bademjan ($14)- I really thought the traditional stews would be the best dishes here. This one is described as being a tomato base with yellow lentils, beef, and roasted Japanese eggplants. However, what I received was mostly peas, one small piece of beef, and no evidence of eggplant. I can see this being a comforting peasant dish, but it didn't have much flavor. Very disappointed.

Service was polite- once I was acknowledged. With two employees, only one ever approached me and it was after I'd been standing at the hostess stand a good five minutes. Noticed another Persian customer enter and receive immediate service and a warm welcome."
"For around $25, you can get six pounds of food. I know because I weighed our bag. Pearl Wok To GO is conveniently located to my home and work, great price to value ratio, and good flavors. Particularly the won ton soup!

Lemon chicken is spot-on in flavor, and perfectly crispy because they poked holes in the box lid. Good attention to detail!

Moo Shu pork is decent but not my favorite dish, served with pancakes that are reminiscent of tortillas. Healthy-seeming dish with lots of cabbage, mushrooms, and other veggies. Menu also offers steamed veggie and protein options for those seeking healthy choices.

But the won ton soup. Lord. The $5 bowl is huge, has 6 plump and stuffed won tons, but the broth is the star! Perfectly savory, probably packed with MSG, topped with a ton of shredded green onion. Perfect when you're under the weather.

EDIT: Subtracted a star for lack of consistency. Have gone back for the wor won ton soup, and the broth isn't as good and the wontons were soggy despite being allegedly  ""fresh made"". Lemon chicken is always solid though, and the barbeque pork egg foo young is really well done."
"I'm not on this side of town often but I'm glad to see the Veggy Street expansion- met a vegan friend here who lives in Henderson, hadn't been to the SW location. The prices, selection, and ability to place an online order for pickup as a busy mom definitely won her over. Like the other location, this one is fairly small, but that just makes their large and innovative menu more impressive. 

My staple orders here are the burgers (even vegans like a splurge), and anything they'll make with the tapioca wraps- the chikn is my usual choice. Whatever my meal choice, the yucca fries are my side. If you bring a group, the co-sheen-ya bites are a good app to share, with a spicy-mayo style dipping sauce. I still haven't tried their Smart Dog or soups, but it's only a matter of time."
"Come here for the talera or the sweet breads (reminiscent of bakeries in LA), but maybe look elsewhere for wedding cookies, tres leches cake, and other specialties. Freshness is inconsistent, not clear whether they bake fresh on-site daily. Availability of coffee is infrequent but pairs well with most options. This isn't a fancy bakery café, more like going to your friend's grandma's kitchen after school and asking for a snack. Super low prices, but they have a high card minimum ($10?), ATM available at the taco shop next door."
"Want to combine relaxation with your childhood dreams of being a circus acrobat? Galaxy is for you- or your child, since they offer kids classes as well! Find them on social media to hear about discounted classes and special events, which is how I came across a special for their Introduction to Aerial Yoga & Pilates class. 

The studio was easy to find, small but very clean and welcoming. Amanda was the instructor and she was very warm and friendly, and gave very clear directions. The class was small, with 4 participants, allowing for individualized attention. I've taken aerial yoga before, and enjoyed my return to the hammock, but adding pilates into the mix really made it a workout! I really liked how the class ended with aromatherapy, which was a nice relaxing note to end on.

If supporting your body with a shiny sheet of silk isn't your jam, they have moms fitness classes as well as some hardcore-looking Pilates classes. Their schedule has both daytime and a couple of evening classes each day and I look forward to going back but  find them a bit pricey to make a part of my regular fitness regimen. Thanks to Ranae W for putting this place on my radar!"
"Yes, five stars. I went in on Wednesday for lunch, came back on Thursday for dinner, and I'm still trying to figure out how I can go back again ASAP. The location is cute and clean, the service is engaging and informative, and the food is tasty and fresh!

They're marketed as a rotisserie, and their chicken plates are a highlight, but I have so far stuck to their sandwiches.  The porchetta is amazing, hearty and juicy with a nice crispy skin for contrast, piled on a hearty artisan roll with arugula, parsley gremolata, and a lemon sauce. It was a fantastic lunch, and I didn't eat for the rest of the day because I was so full.

The tri-tip sandwich was also tasty, with a heap of caramelized onions and a really great garlic sauce for kick. This paired well with their fries, and again, it was a humongous portion. They have seasonal soups; I preferred the beef over the chicken. Their warm and chewy pita chips are my favorite version I've come across; the $4 portion with creamy hummus is huge enough to be a meal in itself.

Both visits have treated me to lots of staff interaction, from answering my annoying questions about the food to trying samples of other dishes and getting detailed info about their menu and concept. Everyone here is very friendly and everything is made fresh in house, from the sauces to the breads and everything in between. Looking forward to coming back for their chicken pita next time!

EDIT: Returned for the chicken pita! It was bomb, and so healthy too. The green goddess dressing is delicious, they really do have amazing sauces here. Sided my order with the the Brussels sprouts, which are nearly the size of golf balls, and lightly roasted and seasoned. Perfection again!"
"Surprisingly good quality and selection, plenty of herbs, vitamins, and all-natural beauty products. It doesn't hurt that the store itself is gorgeous with shiny wood floors, and smells amazing, thanks to aromatherapy products.

Service was friendly and helpful, but unfortunately didn't make up for the minimal (and pricey!) protein selection found here. As a plus, they do have their own branded bottled products for vitamins and pills. A few reviews here mention a 20% discount, which no one mentioned to me during my visit- not sure if it's a punch card program or what, as it wasn't offered to me."
"Grew up with this chain in Texas, where apparently they have higher standards for both quality of product and service. 

Popped in to grab a burger for takeout when my guy had a craving. Signage was advertising their new bourbon burger with caramelized onions, bleu cheese crumbles, bacon, and sweet bourbon sauce. 
Opted for the 1/2 pound version ($8) and asked for a side of fries. 
Receipt reflects that I was charged $13: apparently I was upgraded to a combo, despite not receiving a drink. Apparently a ""regular"" order of wedge fries consists of 12 pieces. For FOUR FUCKING FIFTY. ($4.49- close enough).
I somehow did not realize this while I waited 20 minutes for my order.

Was asked how I wanted my burger cooked, stated medium. Burger received was well done. Despite all the toppings listed in the ad, only the onions and bourbon sauce appeared to be present in flavor, and very scant amounts of each because it still came off as dry. Did not taste any cheese whatsoever. Fries were tasty, topped with the jalapeno cheese sauce from their condiment bar that I love so much-- just wish I didn't pay $4.49 for twelve fries.

Oh, and that part about service and a 20 minute wait for takeout?
I placed my order with one guy just as a large group walked in, creating a line that literally went out the door. No one ever stepped on to the other register. Person ON register easily took five minutes to take each order- wonder how many of theirs, like mine, were taken incorrectly and overcharged."
"Everything you could possibly need for the bubble bath of your dreams! Or at least the bubbles part, as they don't sell wine, hot tea, books, or candles here.  Clean, modern spaces doesn't have an overwhelming amount of product but what is there is good quality.

Bath salts, bath bombs, sprays, soaps, and scrubs (not the TLC kind) are available here in a multitude of colors, shapes, and scents. Care is put in to make everything look at least as good as it smells, and there are various shakers available to sample their scents without opening product containers.

The bath bombs are my favorite, available in mini sizes ($3/ea or 6/$16?) and jumbo sizes- fresh bergamot and honey oat are my favorite scents, and they are both super-moisturizing! Unfortunately the sweeter scents like Plum Sexy, Sangria, and Sugar Rush are too artificial and teenybopper for me to enjoy."
"Decent quality fast-food-esque option at the Downtown Summerlin mall. Pita sandwiches, kabob plates, and a variety of sides round out the menu, along with some kid options.

Lamb kabobs are tasty, steak pita is a great combination of flavors. The vegetable couscous was interesting and higher-quality than I expected, but the pita seemed pre-made storebought. Dolmas didn't do it for me, but the tzatziki sauce they were served with was unright sour.

Many reviews state service was incredibly slow when they first opened, and per an Eater article they have tripled their staff. Wait on a weekday afternoon was just shy of $15 with six employees standing around and no one in line ahead of me. If your employees are trained to be efficient, you don't need as many. That being said, the ones I encountered were polite but there was a lot of standing around going on."
"Glorious gourmet cheesecakes up in here- go out of your way to find this tiny spot on the Northwest side, because the product and service are worth it if you have a sweet tooth! 

Interior is decorated like a vintage kitchen, cheesecakes span 20 different flavors (usually about nine available at a time), and the service is topnotch: Kathy will engage you in the story of the company and the family history of the recipes, just ask! Special order cakes available with 24 hours advance notice.

The flavors I selected were raspberry white chocolate cheesecake and Kahlua cheesecake- they're both phenomenal! Flavorful, fluffy, and creamy, with a crumbly homemade crust and just the right amount of sweetness. I will need to return for the mint chocolate flavor- I would have bought the whole case if I could, they all looked amazing."
"Raw vegan food at the Container Park. Stacey Dugan's dishes are tasty, but may be an acquired taste for some. The menu, like the storefront, is small- a few entrees, a couple of sides, plus juices and salad bar options. 

There are only four juices ($7/16oz), but I was pleased with the two I tried: TLC (lemon, lime, mint, cucumber, apple) being the favorite, with a light and refreshing flavor, while the High Octane (beets, carrots, cucumber, ginger) was balanced but less sweet.

Favorite dish to get here is the raw tacos: vegan ground beef with taco seasonings, topped with pico de gallo and avocado slices, wrapped in Romaine lettuce leaves and served with a side of tortilla chips. The leaves are stuffed with plenty of filling, and can get a bit messy. The chips were great for scooping up the excess. Unfortunately, the jicama chili cheese ""fries"" were not a hit with my guy and the cold crunch paired with the chili and cheese toppings just didn't work for me. As Bethany put it, I think I would have enjoyed this more if it were heated. 

Service from Stacey was polite, drinks and dishes were made to order. I would come back here for juices or the lettuce wraps, but pricing is a bit on the high side for those who don't require the vegan/raw dining, around $13/entrée. She does have some plates available that are a bit higher but allow you to try three or four menu items.

Note that the storefront is small and does not have seating- there are shaded tables and chairs throughout the Container Park area, but in the middle of a Vegas summer, you may prefer to grab and go somewhere with air conditioning."
"Came by because a few friends who live and work in the area recommended this place to me specifically. I will eventually come back for dinner service, but the lunch buffet was a bit hit or miss. On weekdays, for about $13/pp, they offer a buffet spread with a couple of rice dishes, a few proteins, and a couple of vegetarian dishes. Oddly, there is no bread included but they did bring some out upon request. The food quality is what will make me return, as the grilled chicken kabobs and the stewed eggplant dish I tried were both quite good. However, service even for a lunch buffet was very minimal. Drinks are self-served from pitchers on the buffet, in paper cups, and servers did not come by to clear tables. Buffets are generally pretty low service but this was no service. Odd but perhaps the lunch buffet is new here. Eventually I'll revisit for dinner."
"Though this location is a solid half hour away from me, I have been by three times in the past month. My dining experiences here have been far better than at another location in town: staff are friendly and attentive, owner/manager Michael is on site and actively involved with patrons, and food is fresh, tasty, and photogenic.

Burgerim is primarily known for their sliders, which you can customize with extra toppings, cheeses, etc. They now also offer 1/3 and 1/4lb specialty burgers with non-beef proteins like chicken, salmon, falafel, etc. I do think their customization options could expand,  feta cheese (would pair well with lamb or falafel) and blue cheese dressing (for wings and salads, currently only ranch is available) would be easy and popular additions. My favorite burger here so far has been the dry angus classic cheeseburger- it's just really solid, well made, and totally knocked out my burger craving. Their half-and-half sides option is also good, best with their onion rings and burgerim fries (potato coins).

Most recently, I came by for their grand opening celebration. They had free burgers for the first 100 customers, a live DJ and raffle, and a wing eating contest- that I won! Even when I wasn't inhaling them like a rabid animal, the wings here are surprisingly solid and good sized- available crispy or extra saucy, in buffalo (my fave), bbq, and sweet thai chili (also good). My preference is all drums, they were willing to accommodate.

I may not always be willing to make the trek across town to come here specifically but the positive experiences here made up for my negative impression of the brand based on another location."
"I'm glad this service exists, and it's quick and friendly, but for what I needed done, I found it overpriced and incomplete- took in a pair of glasses after the arm fell off. I originally took them to my optometrist to repair, who said he needed a double-handed hinge tool in order to fix them, which he did not have. I found Frame Fixer on Yelp.

At Frame Fixer, my glasses were looked at briefly  and I was told the screw had broken inside the hinge. The charge was $45 (which seems to be their flat repair rate?) and told to pick them up a few days later. The paint has faded on my frames and developed a white, cloudy haze- I asked if anything could be done about this and was told they would make note.

Fast-forward to Thursday, I pick up my frames from a less-friendly employee who basically took my name, handed me my glasses, and thanked me. I felt rushed, but asked about the paint issue. Her brusque response was a short, ""Your frames are old and wearing out."" She again thanked me, clearly done interacting. I was the only customer.

For nearly $50 for a very small repair, the arm is back on my frames and that's about it. The screw wasn't put in tight, so the arms are still quite flimsy, defeating the point of having them repaired. I had hoped for some insight or suggestions about the fading paint issue, but feel that once my money was taken, the bare minimum was done. The service I received was completely different (and not in a good way) than that referenced in the other, shining reviews- it feels like a totally different store."
"Came in when they offered half off for all online orders as part of a promotion- join their email club and find them on social media to be updated with this info, as it seems to happen fairly often. The food itself was good, and the discount made it even better. 

FOOD
The pizza is the highlight, available in thin crust and Chicago deep dish style, which is similar to Pizza Hut's pan pizza rather than Giordano's. Crispy, thick, buttery crust was great. The 9"" medium is enough for two to share if you add on an app.  They offer several (9?) signature pies, the Parmigiana is their take on Eggplant Parm with sliced roasted eggplant and tomato. Great choice. 
Wings are nicely meaty, app portion is ample for the price (9 wings for $8). No flavors available to specify for sauce, bleu cheese or ranch dip available prepackaged.
Salads are available in half and full sizes, few different varieties, fresh produce in a decent sized portion. Prepackaged dressings. 

SERVICE
The staff are friendly, the online ordering system is easy to use, and my pickup order was ready within 5 minutes of the scheduled time. There is counter service only, majority of business seems to be takeout and delivery. The guys were nice, but out of three items ordered only one was received correctly. Pizza was supposed to be half and half, wings were supposed to be hot with bleu cheese (received mild with ranch)."
"I guess their only priority is hiring warm bodies. I've tried to buy a particular supplement twice now, and not only is it never in stock, no one can tell me when they get shipment to check back, nor am I ever offered any sort of alternative product. The employees don't seem to know much except where to find products within the store.

Props for having a convenient location in the same building as a major gym, and for having a discount for members (15%). They even pass out $5 off coupons every so often. Not sure why they think they can phone in the actual service when I can wait three days and order online cheaper and easier."
"Checked out this boutique spin studio on a recent weekend using their $10 first-time-rider promo. Cyclone is located inside Inferno Hot Pilates, and the businesses share a lobby/locker room space. 

PROS: 
The black light lighting in the cycle studio is a cool touch, and I like how the first two rows of bikes aren't tiered. The bathrooms are nice, with toiletries and showers. The instructor was enthusiastic and motivating, and most of the class was obviously regulars. They seem to have a great culture here, with positive attitudes and a variety of ages, races, and body types. This place felt a lot more comfortable than some of the other boutique studios in Henderson and Summerlin!

CONS: 
The staff weren't particularly helpful for this first time visitor. I had to ask about shoes, towels, etc. rather than being informed. The bikes themselves are basic without a computer display to view your resistance, distance, etc. and there are no visuals. Note that they charge for shoe rental ($3), and their cancellation/no-show fee is one of the highest in town ($20). Package prices are more competitive than their monthly rate. 

If you live in the area, it's a good spot to spin. There are a lot of breakfast/brunch restos across the street at the Gramercy- makes a fun option to meet up with friends afterward, and perhaps partnering with one of them will help drive in more traffic, as the location is a bit difficult to find."
"This is a great park, if you have a dog or a small child. I came to run on the trails and they were congested with dog-walkers ambling along, standing directly in the path, and in some cases, not picking up after their pets. 

Park itself is larger than expected, with basket ball courts, a frisbee golf course, and multiple playground areas including a water feature and a couple of large slides. Parking is plentiful, bathrooms are clean. Not a great place to squeeze in a run, but probably pretty solid for most other things."
"Argentinian food is amazing in general. Here, it is spectacularly and accessibly well done. Head here with a friend or date and split a dish for a light lunch.

Highest of recommendations for the lomito completo sandwich, prepared with filet mignonette and a fried egg. It's the bomb. It's served with pommes frites that are perfectly crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, with just the right amount of salt. 

In addition to these two spectacular items, you are served a house baguette with chimmichurri sauce. The bread is good preparation for what to expect for your sandwich- a roll that is simultaneously crunchy outside, and soft inside without being undercooked, or doughy. The chimmichurri sauce is phenomenal, and great to dip your frites in as well.

Lastly, I cannot recommend the house sangria enough. It is made on site and is the perfect blend of fruit juices and wine to make a strong alcoholic yet palatable drink that you can probably drink endlessly. I know I did. A pitcher will get you six glasses, FYI. 

Service was top notch, our server was attentive and helpful, and available without being annoying, it didn't hurt that he was also good looking."
"Metro is a solid diner- I pop in solo, snag a seat at the bar, and watch the cook make my food hot and fresh. The service puts this business above others in that they are attentive almost to a fault. My server will help me and nearly every other server who walks by will check my water, ask how I'm doing, or suggest dishes if I'm still looking at a menu. It's unreal, in a great way!

Always check the black board for specials- a recent crab cake benedict was bomb, but the stuffing waffle Thanksgiving special wsa most memorable. It's one of those places where you can't really go wrong. Somehow I haven't managed to try many of the dinner dishes, but I love that you can have meatloaf for breakfast or scrambled eggs for dinner, because it's all available all the time!"
"Decent daily HH, but food quality was lower and prices higher than expected. Service was dismal at best. Convenient to my 'hood but can't see myself returning, not sure how they have so many locations unless this was out of the norm for them.

One waitress for whole place, but only three tables. Still barely saw her and had a mistake on our order. It was fixed and she was polite but not particularly attentive. When not serving she was seated at the bar watching a screen and drinking from a mug, maybe she wasn't feeling well.

Menu describes wings using the word ""giant"" but I found them quite small- one in the bucket was literally the size of my car key. Medium buffalo sauce was spot-on, regular and curly fries are both tasty. Standard bar fare, really.
Website menu lists a November special of soup and sandwich, but those specials were nowhere to be seen on in-store materials. Luckily they still had it, because the potato soup is actually really, really good!"
"I recently attended this show as a friend's +1 and was pleasantly surprised by the family-friendly  theme and content! Vegas is known for pushing the envelope and it was nice to see something suitable for all ages. The old-school circus theme manifests itself with time period costumes, a gradual building of the circus set, and an emphasis on sideshow talent rather than big-top pizazz. Willy the Ringleader interacts with the audience before and throughout the show, inviting kids up on stage and doing various skits. The performances stick to talents like juggling, flexibility, and various balance acts. The elephants were an especially cool aspect of this performance, wish they were available for photos in the lobby before or after the show.

NOTE: No cameras/photos during performance."
"Next time you're bored on a Thursday, come to Springs Preserve for a quick trail run... then swing into the Divine Cafe for Happy Hour from 4-8PM! Or just do the HH, I won't tell anyone.

The fact that a museum/park restaurant has decent food is already a delightful surprise, but throw in a liquor license and happy hour and you've actually got something pretty unique. HH features live jazz and a limited menu of appetizers and seasonal cocktails, not to mention the phenomenal view.

KETTLE CHIPS: Brought to the table upon seating, decently fresh and nicely seasoned. Provided ranch for dipping? A fresh salsa would be way better!
DEVILED EGGS: four egg halves topped with kalamata olives, simple but tasty, with a low $4 price tag.
CHEESEBURGER SLIDERS: Nice chargrilled taste, thick patties, topped with lettuce, tomato, and burger sauce.
ARTICHOKE AND CHICKEN NAAN: The highlight of our mini-meal! Served like a sandwich, think of a Panini made of naan, filled with cheese, artichoke, a bit of spinach, and strips of grilled chicken. This would make a good lunch option, generous portion.

In addition to all that tasty food, the service changes from walk-up to table service when they transition to HH. The young ladies who attended to us were super friendly and genuine. Looking forward to coming back!"
"A poor experience at the other location kept me from trying this one- luckily, the chain has either changed policies or this location is just more laid back. Either way, this one I come to regularly, kicking myself for waiting so long.

Menu can be confusing for first-timers: mostly a Chipotle-style setup, with some featured dishes and specials. Wish menu was more clear about what ingredients come in what dish by default, so you know what you're adding on or omitting, but staff are generally good about walking you through the steps.

The hummus bowl is a favorite, chicken preferred, especially if you want high-protein. Unfortunately it doesn't seem to keep well for takeout/reheating. The wraps are easily shareable, or enough for multiple meals- pack yours with everything you want, staff miraculously always manage to make it close! Don't forget the feta and tabouli. Salads are decent but not my favorite, falafel is inconsistent (at times dry inside and/or oily outside).

Staff I've encountered are typically polite, informative, and efficient. I like how serving spoons for feta, tabouli, etc are regular, full-size spoons rather than the stingy measuring spoons I encountered on my visit to the other location referenced above and you are only charged for additional toppings (ie more than one serving)... or at least, that's my experience. Mixed info in other reviews suggests this may not be consistent."
"This place is no joke- imagine if TJMaxx, Marshalls, and Ross all joined forces into one mega-store. It already exists, and it's Burlington. I didn't realize this was another discount-markdowns store, but I did have an inkling of an idea that they stock more than just coats.

Apparently people are crazy about this place- it's fairly common for all of the (several) open checkout lanes to have long lines snaking into the middle of the store. The lines move fairly quick, but there are just always that many people around, it's nuts.

Like a thrift store, stock varies but some departments are reliably great: jewelry/accessories (cheap, lots of selection, not my style but good for gifting), shoes and purses (they even have a locked security cabinet with ""high end"" brands), home goods (especially framed prints and candles). Don't even get me started on clothes, there's a massive amount to look through, you're bound to find something you like, and prices are reasonable. Less impressive departments include athletic equipment/workout gear (it's only like a rack, honestly), cosmetics (many open containers), specialty weird food/gifts section (discoloration and questionable expiration dates), and furniture (exclusively end tables and small shelving units, small section).

Other than the ridiculous lines, my only other complaint is lack of organization- some items are found in multiple areas of the store, so to get a true idea of whether they have something, you may have to canvass the entire store- ain't nobody got time for that."
"As a local, I come here pretty regularly for the movie theater, restaurants, and sportsbook. Location is convenient, and this is one of the more family-friendly options. Unlike other off-Strip spots, this one is good about ventilation, and there isn't much of a smoke build-up.

We recently had a staycation here for a three day weekend and the rooms were nicer than expected. Beds were cushy, decor was modern, bathrooms are huge, come during the summer to take advantage of pool access or you'll be even more irked about the resort fee.

Would stay here again and will continue to visit for dining and entertainment. That said, I'm looking forward to how the recent ownership change will affect pricing, amenities, and service- perhaps they can staff more than one guy for check-ins after 8PM, there seemed to be a line every single evening!"
"Large shop just outside the Chinatown mall- the staff speak limited English, but most items are clearly labeled so you can find what you need. The heated buns (bbq pork, etc) are at the counter, FYI. I found the savory options to be better-tasting and better-executed than the sweet ones, but that may just be a personal preference.

STANDOUTS: Chicken pie (it's like a chicken pot pie, in biscuit form, with lots of juicy dark meat chicken!) and Portuguese egg tarts (thick crust keeps the eggy custard safe even if you're grabbing to go!). Both of these were good enough for me to consider coming back JUST to get them, despite disappointment with other items and overall service.
OTHERS: The bbq pork buns (dough and filling were a little sweeter than I like, but they were nicely filled), green onion beef roll? (bright, robust onion taste to the roll but dry breading and didn't care for the flavor of the filling at all), taro/red bean/coconut bun trio (amount of filling wasn't consistent, taro was the best of the options).

Service is nearly nonexistent, no greetings, assistance, or smiles. $5 card minimum (with fee), $8 minimum (w/o fee) is a bit inconvenient. I did not like how my card was taken out of my line of sight to be processed- not sure why the credit card machine would be located on the back wall behind the pastry case rather than adjacent to the register where the customer can monitor activity."
"When you enter Star Nursery, you are greeted at the door by rows of little red wagons, waiting to be filled up with plants and home project supplies! I head straight out to their outdoor area, the green house section in particular. All of the vegetable and herb plants are on one wall, succulents and cacti in the middle by the fish pond, and various flowers/coverage plants elsewhere. There's even a separate section for trees.  

I love shopping here, where all the plants are well taken care of and the staff are knowledgeable and helpful- they've saved me time, energy, and money by answering questions and making suggestions."
"SUCH a fun time! Definitely a unique outing for locals or visitors alike- no more dropping $$$ on a Cirque show you snooze through, Alibi gets you up and moving as a part of the show. You get food, drinks, and a mini-tour of downtown Vegas.

The characters are fantastic, the acting is way better than the term ""street performer"" usually leads anyone to expect, and it's not cheesy. You'll meet your group and your kooky character guides, solve clues and follow a map and some really complicated directions, and ultimately have a great time. I realize this is a vague review of what you actually do, but I don't want to be That Guy and ruin anything for anyone- everyone hates That Guy. 

TIP: don't take anything too seriously, pick the cucumber soda."
"Bella Vista's HH was highly recommended to me by a friend who lives in the GVR area, so I invited her out one evening to try it. Their HH menu includes discounted wines and a large variety of $7 small plates.

Their house cab was a solid pick, and according to their social media, you can get a free glass of wine with an entree purchase- so come on a day when you can imbibe. My friend prefers the Duck Horn Merlot, which was very good.

We shared about half of their small plates menu, 5 of their 12 offered dishes. While the portion sizes for the pasta dishes were a good value, some of the others didn't seem like a great deal. The bolognese pasta and the shrimp scampi were the best of what we tried, while the calamari, meatballs, and burrata were average to underwhelming. 

I would come back to try more of their HH specials or for a dinner date. I especially want to try their special star-shaped pizza that I've heard good things about. They have a shaded outdoor patio with live music, perfect for warmer weather."
"A lot of effort was put into making Tucky's a great, family-oriented spot! The decor is homey Western with kitchen tables, and it feels like a place that has been there for decades. The condiment area features three sauces, kept in warmers for diners and available for purchase by the pint. Add in the warm service, and I had high hopes that I'd found a new favorite barbecue joint. Unfortunately, that doesn't seem to quite be the case.

My guy and I got a two-meat platter to share, advertised as 2/3lb meat with two sides, plus corn bread- we got the ""no pig"" combo of brisket and smoked chicken with macaroni and beans. I was truly surprised to prefer the dishes I typically like least, the chicken (which was seasoned and sauced to the point that it initially appeared burned) and beans (which were seasoned with bits of brisket). As a Texan, I have high brisket expectations and the sliced version was very lean and cut thinner than I'd prefer. It didn't have a smoke ring or much seasoning and seemed like a small portion. The macaroni side seemed to be a baked version and the cheese itself was clumpy rather than saucy. 

Maybe my dislikes are due to mere preference, but the portions were also on a bit smaller than I'd anticipated- a fellow diner's Pit Fries was incongruous with the $10+ price. I found the sauces to be solid, and wouldn't mind trying this place again. Perhaps the specific things I tried just aren't their best. Would love to see this place succeed."
"From a tiny takeout kiosk on the Strip, to a trendy brick and mortar downtown, and now all the way on the south side, I've been a happy participant in the Goodwich journey. Though this location has introduced apps, dinner, breakfast, and brunch dishes, the sandwiches are still the go-to dishes for me.

Fans of the DTLV location will notice a different menu of sandwiches here, some of which riff on the popular sandos from their original menu. The falafel and egg salad sandos are longtime standbys for me, both super fresh and full of flavor, and perfect for Meatless Mondays. More recently, the JDipper (exclusive to this location and named after their landlord) has won me over, with short rib,  truffle fondue, onions, and greens- this pairs well with their harissa tots. Sandos come with a choice of breads, paired with chips  or  an upgraded side. If you have room, try their mac and cheese, health-ified with squash and pumped up with pepitas for texture- it's definitely a unique version, and shareably sized.

From their (all-day) breakfast and (weekend) brunch menus, I've enjoyed their waffles and toasts (which are essentially deconstructed sandwiches)- I recommend anything with their house-cured salmon or burrata, they've never disappointed me. Eyeing their Pork Verde or Pimiento Egg sando for next time!

Service is consistently attentive and personable, particularly from bartender Michael. Order at the bar and find a seat, come with a group so you can get the cozy corner table. The retro fixtures and vibe here are fun, and the food lives up to the hype and then some!"
"Mexican-Hawaiian fusion tacos? I'm down to try this. The flavors and menu here kind of remind me of an old local chain called Braddah's Island Style, and it was cool to get my fix of funky fusion flavors, but I'm not sure I'd be rushing back.

The menu is a bit difficult to understand and each person ahead of me in line needed to be walked through: for tacos, shrimp and fish come with preset toppings while other tacos come with your protein of choice and your select ""style"" (ie greens and cheese for ""gringo"" style). The fish taco was the best we tried, with the shrimp being underseasoned for our preference. Seafood for both was fresh, fish was especially well portioned for the price (about $5 each). The veggie taco (in ""pineapple chimmi churri"" style) was just okay (mushy textures) but the sauce was good. All tacos were served on corn tortillas that seemed to be overcooked and limp, and tore easily.

Location is open and spacious, service was friendly and fast. Tacos are a touch overpriced but served with chips and an assortment of 5 salsas (some better than others). Two tacos would probably make a good meal size, around $11. Other menu options include burritos, salads, plates, chimichangas, and bowls."
"Shade Tree is a great local organization- I've been to several of their various community events and presentations through my work with children, and have heard directly from families I work with about how helpful they've been.

I went by their facilities recently to drop off a carload of donations. A friend and I have been collecting women's clothes and accessories through our friend group for the past few months and finally got enough to load up the SUV. The staff at drop off were helpful and energetically helped us unload, thanked us, and provided a tax receipt. What I like most about Shade Tree over other organizations is that the items you donate go directly to women in the community rather than being sold (ie Goodwill)."
"Every area of town needs a good Thai restaurant, and DE fills that niche in the downtown area. Owners are either from or travel frequently to Thailand and they pride themselves on having authentic dishes and great service. I haven't been to Thailand but the dishes I've had here have been great and the service is personable. Location is cute and clean.

Initially came in for the Khao Soi, a curry noodle soup favorite of mine. The version served here included a large chicken leg and I added an egg.  The red onion accent was a little overpowering and the egg could have been soft-cooked but the heat and flavors of the curry sauce were so good! Portion size was also good for the price, and I didn't finish my order. I've been meaning to come back or pickup takeout- the Dragon Burrito in particular caught my eye but I hear it's been removed from the menu. Will keep this spot in mind for my next noodle craving."
"Surprisingly great quality steakhouse hidden inside of Palace Station. Bar area and ample booth seating, never too busy, simple but well-executed menu. Service varies from efficient to effusive. 

The Seafood Jackpot is an amazing and indulgent way to start a group meal here, but the staple apps are the scallops, French onion soup (so hearty!), and the steakhouse chopped salad (huge portion, too).

The pan-seared scallops, if not chosen as an app, are also a great entrée. The King cut prime rib is exactly what it should be, the Colorado lamb chops are delicate but hearty with a perfect merlot reduction.

Sides are mostly potato-based, but solid. Desserts vary but are all typically well-executed. Only bummed that they no longer seem to have the beef tartare on the menu- perhaps it is now only offered as a special?

Despite the great quality and upscale decor, pricing is reasonable and it's intimate enough for a great date night or celebration. Large back room available by reservation for large parties."
"Everyone knows that being ice cold is even cooler than being cool, and Minus 5 is definitely the place to get your chill on! Pay your entry fee, grab a pimpalicious fur coat, and head in for drinks on ice- literally, the glasses are made of ice. It's a fun experience to share with friends, and the staff are happy to talk about how the ice is made, how cold it really gets in there, and other various trivia. The no-cameras rule forcing you to pay $20 for a photo is somewhat understandable but I'm still not much of a fan. 

I recommend coming on a weekday for less people, the space inside is small enough to share to begin with. Check Groupon for discounts. In the summer, they usually have a promo for girls in bikinis to get in free. I'm sure there are strings attached but hey, that's Vegas for ya."
"Solid spot to grab a bite, whether you have a dog or not. I don't but I love pups, so I usually invite a friend with a dog and sit on the patio. The firepit is a great spot for a group. Menu is huge, with something for everyone (including healthy and GF options!) and seasonal featured items, in addition to tons of beers- I rarely drink but if you discuss your preferences, the staff are good about making suggestions!

Favorite items include the brussels sprouts, cajun fries, and wings (all good for sharing), as well as the ahi salad, grilled cheese, and any of their pizzas. I still need to go back for the queso app and burrata salad. Also note that you can order takeout through the Yelp app- I haven't yet but that's super handy."
"Surprisingly large store that seems to be half boutique (purses, jewelry, accessories) and half furniture and decor- pricing is a bit all over the place, but they have a distinct style that may or may not work for your home.

Double-check all items for damage before purchase- I noticed an amazing dining table and chair set at a reasonable price ($749) but all of the chairs were wobbly, perhaps due to a manufacturing error. A dresser I was interested in had drawers that were quite difficult to open and close.

Jewelry selection is extensive and there is a large purse display. Lots of staff are present, though I found it odd that only one addressed me at any point and I was not checked up on or assisted during my visit as I browsed the furniture. Found some pricing to be reasonable, some to be unrealistic- don't forget to check out the clearance section."
"I am a fan of their SW location and am excited to have this closer option. I went by on opening day and I'll just say that if this visit were my only exposure to the brand, I would be unlikely to return.

Location is cute and smartly located next to a coffee shop (perfect pairing!), and I really like their expanded seating area. But they only had two basic flavors available- sugar and chocolate chip. Classic cookies everyone knows how to make, for $3 a pop. Plus, the sugar cookie was overcooked and the CC seemed raw inside.

I usually like the sugar cookie (that frosting!) and the service was sweet, but again- had this been my first visit, I would not understand the hype. Their featured flavors are key, and being able to purchase a 4 pack definitely makes the price more tolerable- if they had more flavors, I would have done that.

Also interesting: this location has a loyalty program so I got credit for my $6 order. This would have been nice to have after multiple purchases at the SW location but they never offered it?"
"Not really a fan of this massive mall. Nearly every typical mall chain store you've heard of is here, but some cool extras are thrown in: Dicks Sporting Goods, Potato Corner (actually a kiosk just off the food court), and H&M. The surrounding plazas are full of still more chain stores, should your shopping needs not be met here.

I do not recommend this mall if you are looking for anything specific. Out of the four or five sports and shoe stores, I was unable to find wide-fit mens tennis shoes. Footlocker doesn't carry tennis shoes at all, Dicks doesn't carry wide, Famous Footwear and the others have nonexistent customer service and/or clueless employees who were genuinely surprised by the concept of shoes made specifically for tennis, etc. I experienced similar frustration when hunting for a strapless bra. Ill spare you the repetitive details.

There are plenty of shops to browse if you have time to kill. Bathrooms off of the food court are the cleanest ones here. Layout is nearly identical to that at Meadows Mall, on the other side of town. The baseball cap store is in literally the exact same spot. Spooky!"
"Food-court Mexican stall with a massive menu, including tacos, burritos, tortas, mulitas, sopes, nachos, and more, with a variety of meats. The only thing missing is carne guisada! Also note that they don't have elote here.

Staff is polite and efficient, wait time is never too long, owner is friendly and is also affiliated with 702 Wing Spot in the same building. You are able to order online or call in your order. The ambiance of the dining court is a little lacking, so takeout is the way to go IMO. Don't know about delivery options.

Machacada burrito is mostly meat (not necessarily a bad thing), instead of eggs (which is what I'm usually craving, actually).  California burrito doesn't have a ridiculous up charge as at other places. All burritos packed to bursting and weighing in at practically a pound, served with both red and green salsa.

I'm unclear on the difference between sopes and gorditas, but the fact that they're even offered here is awesome- get the lengua one, or spring for shrimp for a couple bucks more."
"The best way I can describe Prince is by calling it a dive bar with greasy Ukranian/Serbian food, except in a good way. The décor and atmosphere are nonexistent but the staff are friendly and the food is good. They have a full bar and indoor smoking- patio seating available if you're not a fan.

Majority of the clientele here are from Europe, so don't get offended when you're asked where you're from- it's not meant in a rude way. But don't be a stereotypical boring American diner and get the shish kabob, ask for a recommendation or pick something from the specialty entrees section and prepare to be impressed.

I opted for the Makedonska Pljeskavica, which is a gyro-like meat stuffed with mozzarella, ham, mushrooms, and cream cheese, between two slices of soft, oily bread. Definitely split this order, as it's a giant portion AND unhealthy. Add a shopska salad to lighten things up- cucumber, pepper, tomato, and feta with a vinegar-oil dressing."
"Every college food court needs a staple pizza joint- this is CSN's option, along with Persian kabobs, salads, and sandwiches. The prices are low and the toppings are plenty, don't miss out on the mortadella and ground beef. If you're feeling adventurous, try the Olivie salad, which is similar to a potato salad and similar to a dish found in Russian cuisine. I've yet to try the kabobs, but they were highly recommended by another regular so we'll be back to try them soon."
"One of my work holiday parties was held at the DTS CPK. The event went smoothly, and I really like how we were able to reserve their entire patio for our large group. The heaters made it comfortable and the fire bar is a nice touch. We were assigned a bartender and a server for our 3 hour window and food came out at an appropriate pace. We were served a few apps (bread and oil, wontons, spinach artichoke dip) along with salad and a variety of pizzas- the classic margherita being my favorite.  All in all, it's a solid spot to plan a group gathering."
"I bookmarked this place a couple of weeks ago when the other location was featured as a ROTD- this location was by an upcoming work training, so I penciled it into my schedule and grabbed lunch here today.

Prior to going, I read the reviews and perused the online menu, ultimately deciding on the chicken shwarma plate- I'm a huge fan of the dish and it seems like few places get it right. When I heard another review mention the garlic sauce this one is served with, I thought for sure I'd found a new favorite place worth the drive. And the rather-high $12 price.

When I arrived today, I was distinctly underwhelmed.
Location was hard to find from the street- drove past it twice because the Stephano's part of the roadside sign does not stand out, and it is partnered with the word GYROS rather than the actual name of the restaurant itself.

But when I got in, I was the only one there, and the guy who took my order looked like he'd rather be anywhere else but in that restaurant. Order was taken with about 5ive total words spoken total. 

Order was out quick. Food was lukewarm, but plentiful. I still had hope.
Dug into the chicken and the quality was good, but the sauce I had so been looking forward to was a little runny and chalky- not at all what I wanted. Garlic flavor was very light, and the sauce seemed more like a tzatziki than anything else.  The salad was good, the hummus was okay and portions of everything were plentiful, which justified the $12 price. Pita was soft and warm, too, but a bit flavorless. But the chicken shwarma dish is just not what I'd hoped it would be."
"Unexpectedly found myself here after a referral from Urgent Care. Staff here promptly attended to my needs and I was seen quickly (within 15 minutes) despite being a midday walk-in. Staff were kind and compassionate, and though my issues were beyond the scope they could address, they referred me elsewhere and provided me with as much information as they could. I was in and out in about half an hour, unfortunately do not recall names but staff were prompt and professional."
"If given a choice between donuts or coffee, it's coffee for me every single time. But as I've come by District, not only have I fallen for their Vietnamese coffee on draft, their donuts have quickly won me over. 

I've tried about five donuts so far and they have consistently had great rise. The flavors trend toward the sweeter variety but haven't been overwhelmingly so. The pecan pie and PSL flavors have been some of my personal favorites, but friends loved the Bruleed Cinnamon Roll and brown butter drop most. If you're not into early morning sweets, they also have kolaches and sliders, which I plan to try next time. The menu is surprisingly expansive considering their small footprint!"
"I've been to almost every independent or ""ethnic"" grocery in town, and this one is by far one of the cleanest. I like their lamb specials in the butcher area, and can appreciate that they offer six different brands of canned garbanzo beans. But I wouldn't drive out of my way to come here over another market.

Staff were present but did not offer any help. Register has a tip jar for cashiers, which I find tacky. Look for the half-off clearance cart by the front door. Most cans are labeled with stickers, which assures me that they don't jack the prices up and down frequently. Minimal produce area. Both fresh and frozen(?) caviar available, red and black at the deli counter."
"I've been to a couple of Pink's locations and there always seem to be issues. For this location specifically, I've given it a couple of tries. One visit with a visiting friend staying at PH, neither of us liked what we got but hey, it was open late.

Recently gave them another try and apparently daytime visits set the bar even lower. My Mushroom Swiss dog was ready literally less than a minute after I placed my order- it was room temperature, with ample 'shrooms, and about seven servings of mayonnaise. Each bite was literally half mayo, so gross. I tried scraping it off but the stale bun broke in two. I threw away more than half of it.

The girl who took my order was friendly. The patio seating is covered and has misters, which is awesome. But the product is dismal."
"After a dismal experience with another garage, a tow truck driver suggested I get a second opinion here. I started with a quote request through the Yelp app, and Charles was friendly and responsive. Went in that same day and he was able to provide me with a written estimate even though I came about an hour before they closed, which was much appreciated.

I continued to keep in touch with Charles while going back and forth with my insurance and taking care of some repairs myself (headlight replacement). There were a couple of things I could not DIY, namely replacing and repainting my hood. Scheduled a morning to drop off my car before opening, Charles got in touch about final pricing, and I picked up without issue. He was great about communicating with me throughout the process and accommodating my transportation availability.

For bonus points, my car was thoroughly cleaned inside and out when I picked up. Charles also spoke about recommended products to use (not that he was selling!) to maintain my paint and wood interior. So happy to have my car looking back to normal."
"Phenomenal Russian food- taste is spot on, dishes offered are diverse, and prices are comfortable. Location is close to the Strip, convenient to locals and foreign tourists alike. I'm really hoping they succeed, as most of their food can't be found elsewhere!

Menu offers several hot and cold appetizers, get several for the table to try.
HERRING: cold app served with potatoes, hardboiled egg, dill, and onion. So fresh, so tasty, must-order. $9
MAMALIGUTA: a peasant dish made of corn polenta, Russian feta, and sour cream. Odd but complementary combination of flavors and textures. $7
JULIEN: baked mushrooms in cream sauce, topped with cheese. This mixture is available in other dishes/apps and is a large part of Russian cuisine. $8
SOLYANKA: the other famous Russian soup, packed with sausage. Borscht is also available of course but I generally prefer this one.

Entree options include traditional stroganoff and chicken kiev, as well as representative dishes from other nearby cultures: Hungarian goulash, Viennese schnitzel. 
SHASHLIK: grilled pork, beef, or lamb served with a tasty tomato-based house sauce. Cooked to your preferred doneness, ample sharing portion. $16

Dessert: there are a few dessert options, but this place is known for their ""honey cake"" (AKA Napoleon cake), a creamy puff-pastry concoction that I don't usually like- though I have not had the version served here. Opted instead for the ZAPAKANKA: Similar to a baked cheesecake and served with whipped cream and cherries, this is a traditional dish that American sugar enthusiasts may find on the bland side. The delicate cake is not sweet and dense but light and airy instead.

I have not yet tried the entire menu, but I'm impressed enough to give five stars and be tentatively planning a UYE here- they also have a bar and a karaoke stage, and will eventually be open tip 4AM for crazy European dance parties!

EDIT: Dropping my star rating. Had the aforementioned UYE here, after making email reservations directly with the owner. Despite bringing in a group and making a personal connection with the owner, service was slow and disinterested and food was a drop in quality. I was embarrassed and disappointed to have raved about this spot prior to bringing other Yelp Elites. Also, they were playing softcore porn during our meal, WTF?! Still many tasty options, and a good place to try Russian cuisine, but they lack consistency."
"Food court crepes, coffee, and sweets. The crepes are made to order and packed with protein. Go with the salmon and avocado, both are super fresh. The decorative drizzle of ranch dressing (or something?) was unexpected and unnecessary, though. All crepe or panini orders come with chips and a hot side (pasta, ravioli, or chili, canned). 

Their coffee drinks are fine. BF said the gelato was fine. I'm sure the sandwiches are fine. The food here isn't going to blow your mind, but it's healthier and fresher than the pizza, hotdogs, and MSG-laden orange chicken alternatives in this area."
"I had no idea there was a coffee shop in the Grammercy building! Stumbled on this spot by accident and the name immediately made me think of Holley's other location. Seems this spot is closer to me, and has a slightly better vibe: limited but affordable food menu, 90s alt hits playing, and that great patio seating! 

Though most people stop in for coffee, I came for tea and was pleased to see a solid selection of quality brands as well as some special loose leaf blends- the Jungle was a berry-infused green-black blend that I enjoyed. Had a Turkey Fusion Burger for a light lunch (turkey patty, lettuce, spicy mayo, and roasted red peppers on ciabatta, $7), and got some work done.

I like what they're selling but the space needs some attention to detail: torn seating and couches, a broken bench supported by a stack of books, no honey at the drink station despite the focus on teas? Just odd, a little too casual."
"If you have a happy hour but people have to know to ask for that menu when they visit during your HH specials, I'm automatically docking a star. Either offer it or don't, but hiding it only has bad intentions. That being said, I'd rather drink here than eat here.

House sangria and several other wine/drink options are available for $3 during HH: 4-7PM, every day. The sangria is tasty- not too strong or too fruity but just right, an alcoholic Goldilocks would happily down three of them for under $10. 

We only tried a couple of dishes- select appetizers are half off for HH. The hummus plate and crispy beef soft (oxymoron?) tacos sounded tasty but we chose the tri tip sliders and the mushroom flatbread. TRI TIP SLIDERS (regular price $11) came in a pair with a heap of unseasoned shoestring fries, they were overflowing with meat topped with an especially vinegary barbecue sauce. If you're going to serve tri tip, let it shine instead of covering it with sauce as if it's pulled pork. MUSHROOM FLATBREAD was just okay, not some thing I'd pay full price for ($11)- it's hard to go wrong with mushrooms and cheese but the bread itself was really dry and floury. It was nicely crisp, but only the middle had any toppings.

Service was not really present- in addition to having to ask for the HH menu to begin with, the hostess never brought it and once we asked for it our server was rarely seen. Dark and upscale décor gave the bar area a classy overall vibe, outdoor seating by the fountain might be nice too."
"My favorite cuisine is Mediterranean, and my favorite dish is chicken shwarma. I'll always compare every place I try it to the place I fell in love with it: a strong and delicious garlic sauce is mandatory, as is fresh-baked bread.

The chicken shwarma here is legit- get it as a wrap, and the garlic sauce is spot-on! They also have it available for purchase in a small refrigerator case, along with hummus, tabouli, dolmas, and other small dishes.

Service was polite, pricing was fair. Only criticism of the wrap was that the bread tore apart a bit easily, so it can get messy. They have a $4 lunch special for a FRIED chicken shwarma wrap, which sounds bizarre... but if it has the garlic sauce, I bet it's good!"
"Found this place thanks to the Yelp app! My usual copy store is temporarily closed, and I needed to print and fax some forms. This PostNet location is clean and organized, and has a computer station available to work at for a flat $2 rate- much better than the automated per-minute fees that Kinkos locations charge (the few that even have work stations). 

Service from Josh was friendly and helpful. A bunch of regulars popped in and out during my visit and he had a great rapport with them, too.

Note the $5 card minimum (or $1 fee); local faxes are $1/page while long distance is $1.50. High-quality pro photo printer at back of store for large professional projects."
"My favorite place to buy shoes for the gym! I wear sneakers out quickly with the miles I do, but I get really attached and destroy them rather than buy new ones every couple months. The Reebok brand fits consistently well across different styles, and I like the snug fit and thick shock-absorbing soles on their running shoes. They're also good about having on-trend styles and fun colors. Now getting them at a discount (typically half off) makes me even happier! 

Staff are helpful about looking for extra sizes or providing sale info. Store is consistently clean and organized. They have a whole extra room to the right with workout clothes and outerwear, but I go elsewhere. 

TIPS: If you're on a budget even for an outlet, try kids sizes. For a 8.5 womens, I go down to a 7 in kids and still get fun, functional shoes for the gym or to wear to work, and they're typically around $20. Military gets an extra 10% stacked discount, too. If you somehow can't find anything that works for you, New Balance is two doors down."
"There are two amazing dishes I love to get here: the California burrito and the torta de puerco, which was included in an LVW article listing the top Mexican meals in the city.

The Cali burrito was huge, packed with carne asada, fries, different salsas, cheese, and other yummy things- the flavor profile was complex, spicy, meaty, and amazing. Somehow, despite being an especially americanized burrito, the ingredients gave it a  traditional flavor. I'd eat this any day of the week, and it was spicy enough not to need any of the extra red or green salsa.

The LVW article doesn't play around, describing the sandwich as ""loaded with pork belly carnitas, lime-braised pork shoulder,  quesadilla cheese, pickled vegetables and lettuce."" Ingredients I never would have expected in a torta, all singing together in perfect, crunchy, harmony: crispy, buttery roll plus crispy, greasy pork, plus bright, acidic pickled veggies balanced by fresh lettuce and a touch of creamy cheese. Pretty sure my  BF would sell me on a streetcorner for a truckload of these. Or maybe even just one."
"Clean and professional animal clinic- I'll admit it doesn't look like much from the outside, but they offer a great level of service. I live nearby and they were able to take me in first thing in the morning at a half hour's notice. We came in, filled out paperwork (you can find it on their website to speed up the process), and waited just a few minutes for an exam room to be available.

The doctor we worked with was Shayne Randall- pleasant, thorough, and gentle with my furry friend, I would work with her again. Front office staff are also polite, prompt, and understanding. Brought my cat in at 8AM and had him home with a diagnosis, medication, prescription food, and a follow up appointment, by 4:30PM.

Pricing was reasonable, but I would appreciate it if more of the charges were explained- was told the fees for urine testing (~$40) and x-rays ($100) but was not given the opportunity to decide whether my pet was given an injection (~$40) or what the general exam fee was ($50), on top of my other charges. Just a heads up that they do push the Hill's Prescription Diet pet food."
"Booked a car through HotWire to drive to LA and back. Ace policy only allows for 150 miles a day coverage for locals, even though you are permitted to drive in and around surrounding states- they just tack on an insane per-mile fee that renders the final price on par with a round trip plane ticket. This policy is spelled out in black and white, but it isn't available before you book and isn't forthcoming after you book, and then they claim they can't cancel or refund the reservation. 

Customer service guy was great in that he was personable and helpful, but the policy and pricing is absurd- nowhere else has it mattered where I go or what I do with a car as long as I pay for it.  He also disclosed that they get multiple calls about this a day, so clearly the refusal to address a known issue is because it's making them money. Their $500 deposit policy is similarly absurd, but at least that is ultimately refunded.

With over a week's notice, there is allegedly no way to cancel and refund my reservation for a car. I spent an hour on the phone and both Ace and Hotwire are blaming one another. If there is such disagreement with each company and their policies, they should not be partnered.

Response to management: Right, ""should' is the operative word, but the specifics of the local limitations are not visible on Hotwire's site. I only found out after booking, when they reveal the carrier, and I went to your site. Thankfully I took the initiative to check before I picked up, or that would have been an even bigger disaster and inconvenience. If I cannot view the full terms prior to my booking, you should not be able to keep my money."
"I had no idea this was a chain restaurant because my experience with the food and service here really were convincingly on-par with what I get from mom and pop spots! I came by to satisfy a crazy craving for garlic shrimp noodles, and it did not disappoint: thick, slurpable udon in garlic oil, topped with shrimp and green onions. It's heaven. Staff easily accommodated my request to eat my online order on site, and even offered a drink. Location is clean, menu is large, and food was super fresh. 

HOT TIP: Get sides of the mac salad and the kim chi. Drain the kim chi and combine. It's next level."
"It feels like Vegas has a billion restaurants with more opening every day. We have every ethnic cuisine you can think of from Malaysian to Guamanian. Yet we don't have many options when it comes to Caribbean and Jamaican food, and the others in town aren't very good. House of Manchester's food is very much a welcome addition to the Vegas food scene! 

Location is in an industrial area but the inside is nicely appointed with a handful of tables and bar seating. Menu has all the go-to favorites including jerk chicken, oxtails, and goat curry, along with some fusion dishes and baked goods. I stuck with the jerk chicken entree for my initial visit and was pleased to receive a multi-course meal culminating with a giant, fragrant plate of perfectly-roasted, juicy chicken atop a bed of rice and peas. Comfort food, island style. I am planning a group dinner to be able to try all of their dishes soon!

Grace, my server, was super sweet. The chef came out to check on me midway through my meal. I am hoping their great food and word of mouth will be enough for them to be successful and stay open. Short of moving to a better location, I do recommend they change their hours to be open Saturdays and use social media for publicity. If you're even remotely curious about Caribbean cuisine, or want to go on a tropical vacation via your tastebuds, head on over to House of Manchester!"
"A food truck stationed right outside of a bar- it's genius.  I don't hang out at said bar, but Ono's is walking distance from my house so I forsee a lasting relationship.

They're currently in soft opening so the menu is a bit limited, but they feature plate meals (~$10) with curry, chili, bbq chicken, etc and sides of rice and mac, as well as musubis with spam and portuguese sausage. The prices seem reasonable and the portions are good, and everything is made fresh.

EDIT: Dropping a star. I don't know what's going on. Their posted hours have been removed and it's hit or miss whether they'll be closed for weeks or open three days in a row for lunch. Is this a business or a hobby?"
"Avocado toast and a giant, fresh salad on the East side? Zenaida's was an unexpected find, to say the least. The avo toast is a must-order, combining garlic bread and the trendy healthy breakfast dish to excellent results, with a small salad that makes the $8 ""appetizer"" easily suitable as a meal. The Cobb salad is traditionally prepared, adding some oomph with a cilantro ranch.

Location has a variety of seating options, and plenty of attentive staff. Food came out a bit slowly, so maybe call ahead if you are coming in on a short lunch break. Portions are large and all of the produce was super-fresh, which is hard to find on this side of town for anything but Mexican food. Looking forward to coming back to try their quinoa burger!"
"I want to like this cozy neighborhood coffee shop but the prices are way too high for the poor quality. If you're on the Type 2 Diabetes diet, you'll love their drink menu. If you just order their plain cold brew you may just get iced drip coffee. I like that they offer a food menu but the one time I ordered a sandwich via drive thru, it was wrong when I got to my destination. Their Japanese matcha drink is a total joke, priced on par with the import shops in Chinatown but clumpy and poorly prepared by someone who either doesn't know or doesn't care what they're doing. I do like how this location does not have the aggressive political propaganda ""decor"" but when you're charging up to $8 for a specialty beverage, getting orders correct should be the bare minimum."
"Pollo a la brasa, lomo saltado, cilantro rice, fried yucca, and aji sauce- I like Peruvian food and appreciate that we have another option to get it here in town. This is a fast-food style restaurant, and they are new, so perhaps temper your expectations.

POLLO A LA BRASA: Half chicken meal comes with two sides, the cilantro rice is tasty and the chicken initially looks good. Unfortunately on both of my recent visits, it was dry. Get fried yucca as one of your sides and dump on a bunch of aji!
LOMO SALTADO: Probably my favorite dish, stir-fried beef strips with onions, tomatoes, and French fries, served with rice (I like substituting cilantro).
CHICKEN SALAD: Solid portion for $4.50, choice of ranch or a raspberry vin dressing, topped with shredded chicken, tomatoes, and cucumber. If you gotta go healthy, this gets the job done. Unfortunately, the bagged salad blend was not in it's prime.

Had a few service issues during our visits, mostly stemming from staff being unfamiliar with the menu. This place is new though, so I get that. I would like to suggest that management have staff bring dine-in orders to tables or get a speaker system, as it was difficult to hear when orders were ready."
"When I get AYCE sushi, it's usually heavy on the nigiri, and the specials offered on my visit were nicely presented and fresh- halibut nigiri with fresh-fried onions, Baja yellow tail carpaccio, and Pollack roe. There are a few unique apps that I would suggest, the bulgogi taco (comes in a pair, street-taco style) and the garlic butter calamari (small portion, big flavor) among them. Avoid the sashimi salad. 

The rolls, as others have said, are not especially strong here. I do like that most are available to order by the half. There is only one riceless option (Johnny #1). The namesake Tomo handroll was the surprise hit of the evening, and something I'd come back and order two of for a meal (not AYCE). 

Location is clean and nicely decorated. Staff were professional but not particularly friendly, even sitting at the bar. Most fish was nicely cut, nigiri had a good rice ratio. I'm on this side of town pretty regularly and there aren't too many sushi spots, but this one is just okay.

NOTE: AYCE menu also includes noodle and soup dishes. Amebi nigiri comes with the fried heads!"
"The name says it all: Cutting Board (what many of the dishes are served on, there's attention to presentation and many meat dishes) Filipino (style of cuisine served here) Gastropub (they have beer and the food is modernized). This is not the place to expect a 5 pound Styrofoam takeout box full of cafeteria-style food that tastes like your grandma made it, for under $10. 

BONE MARROW APP ($10) Two huge bones, great presentation with crostini and mango slaw. The marrow and bread are both seasoned, which was a bit much but the marrow itself was good. The slaw was necessary to balance this dish. Unexpected and cool to have this dish available at a more casual restaurant, usually have to go on the Strip if I want it.
GRILLED BANGUS ($14): Large sour-tasting grilled milkfish, served with fish sauce and garnished with slaw. BF loves this dish and was happy with this version, I was glad to have a lighter, healthier option instead of just greasy pork plates as elsewhere.
PANCIT ($9): Recommended by our server as one of her favorite dishes, a traditional dish mixing two types of noodles with a variety of meats and some vegetables (cabbage, carrots, celery). This dish was greasy but not overwhelmingly so, paired well with the fish and had shrimp, sausage, and pork. Shareable, family-size portion.
MANGO SLAW ($6): More because I really liked it. Julienned mango with kale, carrots, and a few other vegetables seasoned with a vinegar sauce. Fresh and acidic, and went well with everything we tried, lightening and brightening up flavors.

Service was attentive during our visit without being overbearing or annoying. Prices are low for this style of restaurant (I am referring to their modernized gastropub-fusion concept, NOT Filipino food in general) and the portion sizes they offer.  I will note that comparing photos of our dishes to others' here on Yelp, the same dish looks quite different across several photos, which seems to indicate that they need to work on consistency.

I do not claim to be particularly versed in Filipino cuisine, but I liked the dishes I tried. Majority of poor reviews seem to be expecting a more traditional experience, flavors, and pricing, but I like that this spot is offering something different, and I'm looking forward to bringing friends in to try more dishes like the escargot, crispy shrimp, squid ink paella."
"This is a toy store for adults. I'm not a big drinker, but walking in and seeing rows upon rows upon rows of every wine, beer, champagne, liquor, and spirit I have ever heard about all in one incredibly well-organized store with a friendly and helpful staff to boot? That's something that makes you hear the hallelujah choir.

I first must say that I fell in love with an amazing beer in Albuquerque last year, and have never found it anywhere else- until now. Alien Stout and Nut Brown Ale? SO GOOD. Also found the Wells Banana Bread beer here, which is even more fantastic than it sounds.

The wine selection here is intimidating, and I browsed but did not focus my attention on that section of the store this visit. But I'll be back for the Dreaming Tree crush red and Barrymore Pinot Grigio.

No alcohol store would be complete without an amazing selection of glassware (including those plastic travel wine glasses to take your favorite bevvie alfresco!) and snacks- including a selection of refrigerated meats and cheeses by Boarhead and some more lowbrow options like chips and snack mixes (which tend to be quite pricey here).

In short, everything you need under one well-organized and friendly roof, for your alcoholic beverage consumption needs! I am very impressed. The Lee's in the adjacent plaza can just start packing up- this place blows them out of the water."
"Came in with a group of four coworkers for their lunch menu- several plates available, along with combinations consisting of tacos, burritos, flautas, tamales, and such. Nothing too complicated, most dishes $10-12.

Interior of restaurant is nice and service is polite but painfully slow.
Complimentary chips, salsa, and beans stave off hunger, but after half an hour (and being one of few tables, early on a weekday), no one had been served. We let the staff know we would need to get our orders to go, and it still took an additional 15 minutes until we were brought our food and checks.
No one ordered anything more complicated than tacos, burritos, and a chicken breast. We were never given an explanation for the delay. 

CHILE RELLENO: overly battered but tasty, not spicy, quite cheesy.
GREEN CHILE PORK BURRITO: wrapped in a flour tortilla, dry, more like an enchilada than a burrito. Didn't care for this.
Side of GRILLED VEGGIES was an odd assortment of broccoli, cauliflower, and squash- considering this is a Mexican restaurant I kind of expected onions and peppers, maybe mushrooms and squash, so it was an odd but tasty.

Restaurant entrance has several posters with their daily specials, and they also offer a HH and MNF specials. Seems like the fajitas are the best thing to get here, given the name and the fiery presentation."
"I'm not the type to hang at an outlet mall. Or any kind of mall, really. But for me to make a special trip here to get my guy all set for holiday clothes, was a chore. Luckily, our experience with the Tommy H store was a positive one.

Majority of clothes are 30% off original ticketed price, some clearance sections go up as high as 60% for leftovers from the summer season. Staff was helpful and present on the floor, store was clean and organized, good selection."
"Three and a half stars, rounding up for good service.

Drove past this place repeatedly, but when I wanted to give them a try they were closed: only open M-Thurs til 5:30PM, and on Fridays til 4PM. Limited hours unless you work nearby. Interior reminds me of an old school mexican restaurant.

Stopped by for an early dinner, love that they have a menu of 3PM-close specials.
Ordered the lunch portion of salad with chicken (spicy mexican caesar) and the chicago beef (hot and sweet peppers), upgrade fries to Greek style. Used Yelp check-in discount for 10% off, total was under $15 including tip. Not bad for two meals! Cashier was genuinely friendly, packed up order perfectly, and wished me a good day on my way out the door- unusual to see someone so perky so close to close after a long day of working that type of position!

Salad was fresh and delish- packed in an ingenious way, with ingredients in a ziplock to add your dressing (packed separately) and toss, then serve in your to-go box. So smart! Downside is that they gave me the wrong dressing (regular caesar instead of spicy) and I found a few small bones, but it was still damn delicious. Just wish I had some hard boiled eggs at home to add in.

The chicago beef? It was so good, I barely got a bite before my BF made it disappear in under 5 minutes. You know it's good when that happens! The au jus is one of the best I've had, the bread was clearly fresh, and the meat was moist and plentiful. Peppers were tasty, too!

It's so close by and so well-priced with the specials, that I know I'll be coming back for another salad soon. And yes, probably a chicago beef for my guy."
"If you have visiting friends and family who are fans of the show, they'll probably request a visit here. Go on a weekday, morning or mid-day, to avoid crowds and find easy parking at the plaza next door. If anyone tries to hassle you to pay for parking, tell them you're local and they leave you alone.

Majority of store stock is jewelry, with some antique guns and coins. There is art towards the back, where you can get works by Picasso, Andy Warhol, and others for under $2000 a piece, framed with papers of authenticity.

The back third of the store is a gift shop of show memorabilia- hats, shirts, and the like with the gang. Prices are pretty fair for the retail items, but obviously as a pawn shop, prices are somewhat negotiable for other items. I wouldn't come to this pawn shop specifically for anything other than a fan visit."
"This car wash is just fine for a quick automatic drive-thru. Even when there's a line, it moves fast. Employees are available to answer questions or help with the transaction. You get a lint-free towel and an air freshener with your wash purchase, and vacuums are free.

Washes range from $6 to $18. If anything, I can't tell how the machine differentiates between who pays for which wash, and I don't see a difference when I do the $6 or the $9, so I don't bother with the higher grade options. Unless I really have a bird poop issue (which will require personal attention on any car), my whip comes out clean and finishes drying on my way home.

Some reviews rant that they can get a full interior/exterior wash by hand, with vacuuming, ""for the same price"", and I have no idea where that's possible. Seriously delusional. 

TIP: Monthly unlimited wash packages available for those who come by every week or two."
"Quintessential neighborhood sushi spot. This corner plaza spot has a nice interior with both seating, dimmed lighting, and traditional decor, nice enough for a date night but comfortable for a casual family dinner. I usually pop by for takeout after work or their killer HH.

HH is Mon-Sat, 3-6PM and 8-10PM, and all day Sunday. Menu includes $3 apps and nigiri, $5 rolls, and BOGO half off special rolls. You can dine affordably here simply dining off peak hours, and the food is fresh and well-presented. I've had no issues with quality over a few different visits. 

in addition to sushi, they also have lunch specials, noodle dishes, and hibachi entrees- something for everyone, except maybe the vegans."
"Calling yourself #1 at anything just invites judgement, and makes the disappointment of dismal product even worse. I ordered a bento box to try several meats (pork, ribs, mahi) for a quick takeout lunch. Food took longer than expected to come out, and when I opened the box back at my desk, it was the wrong order. I had an overwhelming portion of chicken katsu. The chicken itself was fine, slightly dry but nicely crispy, tasty katsu sauce. But the mac salad was drowning in mayo, the rice was mushy, and oh yeah- it's totally not what I ordered. Didn't finish the portion, tossed the leftovers. I was one of two customers, not sure how the single front of house employee got so confused."
"The name says ""bakery""- and they do have cases full of baked goods. However, the bread my torta was on completely fell apart, so I'm not sure their baked goods are really that great. Snag a day-old bag for $1 if you're really curious.

The building also says ""taqueria"" along the side- and Mexican dishes do seem to be their specialty, as it's what the customers around me were picking up. But my torta was unremarkable with dry chicken and bland beans. Veggies were fresh, though and there was ample avocado.

But what brought me in were the bright new window signs featuring photos of fresh salads and sandwiches- none of those dishes were actually available though. In fact, the first FOUR items I tried to order weren't available!

Service needs work. I can deal with a language barrier, but when I wait ten minutes to place my order (because no one can multitask?) only to find out half the menu isn't available? Not seeing a reason to come back."
"Little City Grill is probably the cutest little place in Boulder City- despite the dedicated parking area for motorcycles, the interior is decked out in grandma's finest country decor. It's a cozy spot with warm and attentive service. Though the menu highlights their burgers, I opted for a healthier choice with their BBQ Chicken Chopped Salad, which is also featured as a favorite customer item. The salad was huge and fresh, with plenty of veggies and just the right balance of ranch and barbecue sauces to give it flavor without drowning it in sauce. I'll update when I go back for their Kobe burger!"
"I was dragged here by coworkers for a volunteering opportunity- but had a surprisingly great time! Generally ""community theater"" gets a bad rap, but the performers here were actually super! Cast was incredibly talented and the show (Lend Me a Tenor) was a great (though not family-friendly) comedy. 

The park is clean, parking is easy, and tickets are cheap ($13). Even in early September with hundred-degree daytime temps, it gets a bit chilly in the evening, so plan accordingly and consider bringing a sweater. 

Lighting and audio quality were great, especially considering this is a temporary setup. Concessions are surprisingly low-priced ($2 giant hotdog, $1 bottled drinks) and there were a few food trucks on hand too (fries, coffee, funnel cakes, sandwiches, etc.). You are allowed to bring your own food and drink as well, picnic baskets and coolers permitted. Take or rent a chair for seating, unless you get there early, the ground doesn't have a great view.

For the volunteering portion, you are able to help with parking, seating, or concessions, before (5PM-show time) and/or during the show. The work is easy and the regulars are friendly, and after putting in your time you get to see the show for free, with a chair and water bottle. 

I'm bummed to discover this place at the end of the season! Lend Me a Tenor will be playing through the end of September, but shows regularly run monthly from June-September each summer (hence the name)."
"Strike 1: Had this spot bookmarked for months, scoped out their website and menu, and crossed town for what was sure to be a great chirashi bowl.. only to be greeted at the door by multiple printed signs and a gruff employee stating they don't have sushi for lunch, only teriyaki plates. This is not evident anywhere online, and when asked, the explanation I was given was ""we've only been doing lunch three or four months now."" Well, judging by the completely empty dining room (not to mention the signage), it hasn't been very successful. 

Strike 2: Came in while on this side of town for work, during dinner hours, specifically to get that damn chirashi. It was pretty but the featured fish were basic and bland, cut thick but not much flavor. I was never provided ginger or wasabi, which is a shame because the table beside me got the fresh kind. Service killed it for me. I got Chinatown service- no acknowledgement upon entering, menu dropped off and order taken within two minutes, then a FORTY MINUTE WAIT for my food, vague ""Anything else?""/check drop. Wasn't impressed, friends later told me the cooked dishes are stronger.

Strike 3: There is no strike three, this isn't baseball. Might as well close for lunch if you're going to phone it in and turn away business. Consider hiring an additional sushi chef if you're regularly backed up that much on a weeknight.  Fellow diners, come for their HH alcohol specials and order their cooked dishes for better results."
"This location is brighter and more spacious than the Dean Martin counterpart- menu is the same at both locations, quality is good but not great, and pricing is kind of all over the place. There are several good deals to be had, but some may find the menu pricey for the portions. Menu includes healthy options and more standard restaurant fare, plus juices and breakfast all day.

I've had their fish tacos (both versions) before, but a healthy-side staple for me is the Nice to Greek You flatbread: plenty of toppings, good mix of flavors, portion is a big lunch or enough for leftovers later. Underwhelmed by the side of truffle fries. They're a generous portion, and crispy, but have very little flavor. I do wish they had a garlic fry option because I think they'd rock. A ""side"" of fries should be less than $3.50 and not big enough for an entire table to share, cut the portion and price to something more reasonable.

Staff are usually pretty friendly. Decor is trendy-rustic, kind of like an indoor picnic. Multiple seating areas, cool place to meet up with friends. Choose your food carefully, IMO many dishes have too much going on but there are some really solid options hidden in there."
"Fries N Pies is just what they say: a spot to get both french fries and pizza pies topped with all sorts of tasty combos. Menu has slices to grab and go, as well as single or sharable size fries. But the thing that really piqued my interest was their broccoli crust pizza- and it didn't disappoint.

My first couple visits were for quick grab and go slices, and those were pretty average and a bit dry, do not recommend. The made-to-order whole pie is the way to go, trust. Whether you're watching your carbs or not, the broccoli crust (10"") was a hit- thin and crispy, with a good herby-cheesy flavor that complemented the toppings of the Palermo (arugula, proscuitto, mozz, ricotta, poached egg, truffle oil). The combination of flavors managed to be light and indulgent at the same time, and portion was a bit more than I could comfortably manage for lunch. Staff on both visits were friendly with an introductory greeting and offers to walk me through the menu, and checked in with me when I dined in despite being busy with lunch rush.

TIP: They also have duck fat fries. So far I haven't let myself order them but I hear great things!"
"LAVO is so much more than I expected: brunch, dinner, and late-night food served in a huge open space with a beautiful bar, a large traditional dining room, and a whole upstairs lair with table games and sports viewing. Great design throughout, even the bathrooms are gorgeous.

Came with a large group for Cathey K's birthday brunch and was pleasantly surprised by the food quality and portions after several lackluster Strip brunch experiences. Dishes are about ~$20/ea but portions are hearty and everything was well executed. The menu has several options from traditional griddle fare to Italian specialties and shareables. Neli T and I split the breakfast pizza (with scrambled egg and smoked salmon), the 16oz Wagyu meatball (still unfinished despite the table of ten!), and the Louie salad (with two small crab claws and tons of shrimp). Everything was super fresh and we had plenty of leftovers! 

Service was at times spotty but they were fairly busy with several large groups- I recommend making a reservation, family-style meals are available with flexible rates. Their Yelp check-in special updates seasonally to allow for a free dessert, so don't forget to use your app.

NOTE: Though they're really pushing the Saturday Party Brunch, Sunday's ""regular brunch"" was a better choice for us. I come to brunch to catch up with friends and share some tasty dishes, not to dance on a table to ear-splitting EDM. But hey, if that's your thing..."
"Come here even if you're not a boba lover, because they have soft serve! I snagged ube and black sesame on my first visit and got hooked- the shareable $5 portion is huge and packs a punch of flavor. Add some texture with add-ons like Fruity Pebbles, Pocky, crushed Oreos, or mochi bits. I am definitely going to be keeping an eye out for when they change flavors, and am looking forward to when they do matcha, which I can't find nearly as easily as I'd like. It's a small shop, but super clean and service is sweet."
"I have a love/hate relationship with this place: I love them when I can get to them, I hate that they're only open weekdays. Unless I am off work, I literally cannot come here. Which is a shame, because their empanadas are great and I have been wanting to try their lomito sandwich and other items. 

The empanadas are available in chicken, beef, ham and cheese, corn, mushroom and blue cheese, and vegetable varieties- and so far the mushroom version is my favorite, and freshly made to order. Buy way more than you think you'll need because once you try them, you won't want to share. Anxious for summer break to get here so I can pop by regularly and try more of the menu!"
"""If you can't tone it, tan it."" This line is my entire explanation for why I purchased a Groupon for spray tans. There's only so much I can do in the gym and with diet, and looking stark-white just oddly makes me feel larger and flabbier than know I actually am. And yes, we live on the surface of the sun, but no one wants skin cancer, hence the indoor methods. 

Got a 3 pack of tans and my first visit was a learning experience but as my visits have progressed, I've come to the conclusion that it's not me, it's the tan booth that is problematic- the spray is irregular and not well calibrated. Certain areas of my body (chest, left leg) are significantly darker than others even when following directions exactly. There are consistently white spots in the same places (upper back, right calf). Most frustrating, my tan doesn't last, because it melts off of me whenever I work out- I follow directions to avoid water/sweating for 4-6 hours, but this happens even up to 2 full days after I tan. Friends who are spray tan fans say this shouldn't be happening.

Another criticism is their hours are limited with late opening (noon) and fairly early closing (7pm) that renders me unable to come by after my workday following a workout.  That said, the same friendly gal is staffing  every time I've popped in, and she's helpful and patient. They have a range of products for sale in the front lobby and I appreciate that I didn't feel pressured to purchase. I'll be checking out other spray tan options in the area for better consistency and evenness of color."
"Finally made it to Gordon Ramsay's third Vegas restaurant- it seems to be the least favorite based on the ratings but I still had a solid experience with Bethany E. Server uniforms are fun, as are the little decorative touches like the custom cutlery. Dining room is much larger than it appears from the outside.

KETTLE CHIP NACHOS: huge portion of house-made kettle chips topped with corned beef, short rib, and English cheddar cheese. Definitely a shareable portion, in terms of size of the dish and how well the flavors worked together.
MAINE LOBSTER & SHRIMP ROLL MINIS: Two cute little rolls packed with shrimp and lobster salad. This version is way better than those served at the Phillips Seafood nearby. Generous amount of lobster and perfectly toasted, buttered rolls.
GRILLED LAMB BURGER: Yes, it's as good as other reviews say. Lamb was cooked perfectly medium, topped with curry onions (flavor was subtle) and a thick layer of goat cheese and feta spread. The burger itself was so good, we barely touched the side of fries- even though they come with a delicious garlic aioli that I couldn't get enough of.  

Heads up, the menu seems to change pretty frequently and many of the dishes mentioned and shown in previous reviews are no longer available so don't get your heart set on any one thing. Service checked in on us frequently but didn't go over any specials and didn't seem up the same standards as at the other restaurants. Would come back to try the fish and chips or one of the pies."
"It looks closed from the outside, and I never would have noticed it if I hadn't been popping into the bakery next door. But come by during lunch, and they've usually got a handful of diners. Note the daily specials and HH (2-5PM, discounted wings, fingers, and slices).

The by-the-slice pizza is just okay, but their specialty pies sound creative- the Blu Diavolo in particular, hyped as a pizza version of wings. For lunches, I usually grab salads here, the antipasto and Cajun versions are filling and fresh... but steer clear of the Caesar, it's drenched in dressing with four measly pieces of meat. They also offer hot and cold sandwiches, but the Italian comes slathered with mayo, which was not appealing.

Prices are cheap for the portion, staff is friendly and helpful. Call in your order ahead of time if you're in a hurry during their lunch rush. Don't forget to check out the photos of Gianna lining the dining room! ;)"
"TIPS:
+ This trail is outside of Red Rock, so it's free. Just find a spot to park after you pass the trail marker, and head out!
+ If you time your visit right, you'll actually see the creek.
+ There's a waterfall to find, if you don't mind going off the usual trail and following directions in other reviews/sites.
+ It's a pretty easy trail and clearly marked, both dogs and kids can handle this. Don't expect a great workout.
+ Out and back, so you can go as far as you want.
+ A park ranger friend told me this was a good option for a night hike, haven't tried it in the dark yet.

NOTE: Apparently a lot of people go off trail, and they don't always follow the ""leave no trace"" rule. I brought back several empty 40s to recycle at home. Not cool."
"First impressions are everything. I came by at 8PM on Cinco de Mayo and the doors were locked an hour before close. Staff saw us through the window and continued cleaning the kitchen. Not a great look when you've only been open a week but my guy suggested trying again.

No taco Tuesday specials and prices are high for a fast-casual walkup counter (ie tacos $3/ea compared to $2/ea at their other locations, $12 for chile relleno, $10 California burrito that doesn't include guac). Ordered a taco trio and a burrito and tried several of their proteins. Asada was flavorful but dry, chicken dry and unseasoned, carnitas oddly served in a tasty green sauce unless they accidentally served us the chile verde, birria sauce was very salty, beans tasted canned, and their tortillas are store-bought and cold. Their fresh salsa served with fresh-fried chips was good but the house red and green sauces tasted bottled and bland. Overall, we were underwhelmed with our meal. 

With Rivas a block to the west and Robertos a block east, both with more consistency and lower prices, this spot needs to make some changes to stay competitive in this neighborhood. Chipotle previously closed in this space, and they at least have brand recognition working in their favor.  Typically I would visit again before rating but they blew it with my first visit."
"NOTE: This location is inside Sante Fe Station Casino! Use sports book entrance and it's tucked into a side spot by the viewing area.

Why did I include the info above? Well, this listing has no mention of the location details and there's no phone number to call for help. Furthermore, this business is not marked on any casino maps and has very limited signage when you do stumble upon it. 

I recently placed a pickup order online and took nearly half an hour to find their counter due to issues above, only to arrive and find staff completely unaware of the order. They prepped it quickly, but as I was preparing to leave, I noticed the order was also incomplete. Ultimately the situation was rectified (three star rating over two) with the intervention of GrubHub management. Staff on site was apologetic about the issues but this situation should not have been so difficult. 

Regarding Bok Bok as a restaurant, the food quality was as expected from other positive experiences at other locations. I do still recommend this company, but other locations are preferred. The rotisserie chicken meals with rice pilaf and fattoush salad, with extra toom sauce, is my go to order."
"Make no mistake, this is bar food. NASC is adjacent to a bar in a business park- neither of which really fit the area, making it a little hard to find when they're the only spot in the complex open over the weekend. Besides the sandos, menu has bar staple apps and burgers.

Came in right after opening and ordered two sandwiches and a salad. There was only one employee working, sweet but a little overwhelmed. Dining area has a rustic slant to the decor and games to play while you wait.

The American Hero sandwich (roasted turkey, fire smoked ham, smoked pit beef, cheddar, Swiss) and the Fried Green Tomato BLT were both pretty lackluster- meats were all dry, bacon tasted microwaved, sandwiches were sans condiments which made them even dryer. The Chicago Chopped Salad was even worse, with old-looking chicken and dried-out pepperoncini. 

We didn't finish a single item we ordered and I wouldn't come back. Not sure how this spot gets rave reviews from anyone other than desk monkeys whose only alternative is food from a vending machine."
"I actually had a conversation over Thanksgiving dinner about how we don't have a rolled ice cream spot- and then Rolled Ice Cream opened up the very next week! Serendipitous indeed. Staff are super peppy and positive, and though they are new, they're totally on their game. 

It's a cute shop where everything can be customized- I went for a PBJ vibe with peanut butter, strawberry, and banana. Your order is made right in front of you from all natural ingredients, and it's like a little show. Besides the ability to custom-create, they have a few set flavors and featured combos, with seasonal specials and more to come. Not only is it relatively healthy, but flavors actually were well-mixed and you could taste each ingredient in every bite. I would say that it's not particularly creamy like you would expect ice cream to be, but I liked it. 

NOTE: Not sure how well food allergies are handled here. There are two surfaces where the ice cream is made, but I'm not sure how often they're cleaned or how  for a customer with a nut allergy. I imagine that also leads to long wait times since everything is made to order. Unclear whether alternative milks are available for the lactose-intolerant and/or vegans. Will ask and update on next visit!"
"I have no idea what happened between March 2013, when Niyen wrote his review raving about the Fat Choy burger, and now, but the burger is completely lackluster and worthy of absolutely zero accolades.  

The patty was cooked to a perfect medium rare, and there was an egg on it, but that's about all I can say- visually, yes, there was short rib, but it didn't have any flavor. The other ingredients mentioned on the menu, bacon and roasted tomato? So sparingly applied that I didn't even detect them. Niyen's original description includes onion jam, and that is now missing from the menu altogether, but that bright bit of acidity would have cut through the fat and added a pop of flavor. As I ate this burger, I was asking myself why I was continuing to eat it. That's how underwhelming it was.

The bao aren't noteworthy either, though. Everyone does a pork bao so I opted for the peking duck and the tofu-mushroom versions here. Visually, the tofu-mushroom is already unappealing, with a square sheet of tofu falling out of the bao and minimal stringy mushrooms. Taste wasn't bad, but I wouldn't rave about this to any of my vegetarian friends. And the duck meat on the other bao was dry, accompanying sauce was unremarkable. Everything was very one-note.

Service was polite. I'll add that if you sub a salad for your side of fries (with the burger), it's literally a handful of spring mix salad blend: no tomato, no cucumber, nothing else at all added. 

If using a card, payment is processed through Square (or a similar product/service), and you are presented with a tip percentage page- I'm kicking myself for selecting a $3 tip for absolutely zero service and mediocre food to boot. Never again."
"Like Shirley says in her review, this isn't the only place in town that makes your customized donuts to order but the ""social media influencers"" seem to have ignored Amy's. That's unfortunate, because the product is pretty damn good. 

Hot, fresh, cake-style donuts with your choice of frostings, fillings, and toppings, available in singular, dozen, and half-dozen orders. They also have ice creams (hence the name), but that's not what I came here for.

A group of us grabbed a dozen of their suggested combos to share. Their PBJ, Salted Caramel, and Churro flavors were the standouts! The frostings are the right consistency and they're not stingy with the toppings. Their chocolate donut tastes just like a brownie, so if you don't trust yourself to bake up a whole pan, this could be a quick fix. 

The custom-made setup makes this a bit more time-consuming than other donut options, but the product is definitely worth the slight wait. Don't forget to tip these guys for their hard work!

TIP: Check Groupon and local mailers for discounts and coupons!"
"I've been a fan since back in the food truck days but despite two brick and mortar locations cropping up, I can't say I'm a regular. Blame it on too many great places in Vegas. In any case, if you're looking for a standout burger, Fuku should be on your short list for their funky fusion flavors. 

The Tamago (egg burger) and Kinoko (mushroom burger) are the two I've tried most recently at this newest location and both were cooked as requested to medium-rare and sided with a huge heap of garlic fries (pro tip: dip 'em in sriracha, you're welcome). Everything has been fresh but the patties themselves could use a touch more seasoning. Toppings are ample and portions are huge, I often see couples sharing. Besides burgers, they also have a FukuDog (my old fave) and some specials (FukuMoko?), which I haven't tried. 

Props for having games available to play and patio seating for the abundant warm weather. Planning to try the chicken katsu burger next time I'm in the area!"
"The food is okay, but the service sucks.
Cute interior, massive menu. Opted for a gyro, just under $10 but I like that you can add on fries for just a dollar more. Salads also looked good, and they have a spanakopita special for $9.99. Ordered to go, waited at bar.

My entire visit, I was listening to two female employees shout in Spanish, fighting with the cook, who was out of sight. Awkward and super unprofessional. Order was tossed on the counter without a word, employee turned back around to shout some more.

Gyro was okay, nothing spectacular. Good size, tasty tzatziki, entirely too much onion. Doubt I'll be back."
"I'm not a morning person or a breakfast person, but I can be persuaded to do a lot if my first stop is at Hash House. Not to be confused with HAGG, up the road, this place actually has good food and service.

Besides the hashes (just get the party hash that combines everything, watch out for the jalapenos, and you're good to go), there are omelets and my favorite dish, Mary's Eggs- which is Mary's take on eggs benedict. Two poached eggs on biscuits, topped with gravy and the best crispy bacon  you've ever had.
Everything is sided with homemade grits (simply perfect with butter) and a bowl of fresh fruit.

Their lunch options include soups, salads, and sandwiches. Monday's cream of mushroom is my personal favorite, but they're actually all pretty solid. Only open til 2PM, so run in and grab your order to go if you need to."
"This is the second PC location I've been to, and I appreciate how clean it is and how friendly the staff are here compared to the other. But I really came in for the grilled chicken! I prefer the herb-rubbed grilled version to their fried chicken, but like that they allow you to mix and match your orders. My go-to sides here are the yucca fries and the elote salad, both of which are upgraded specialty sides but worth the extra charge. Though it doesn't need it, they used to offer several dipping sauces here for your chicken but they seem to have done away with them. If you have room, snag an order of their empanadas!

TIP: Save your receipt, great coupon for free chicken on your next visit!"
"As others have said, I stopped in here after receiving a discount coupon- sign up for their email group to get one yourself, or use their current Yelp deal. Once the discount got me in the door, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality and service.

Specials board on the back wall alerted us to fresh sashimi options- selected a 9-piece sampler with two oysters, for $15. The mixed shrimp and veggie tempura platter was a large portion, served hot and fresh out of the fryer. Batter was thin, oil was fresh, veggies were crisp, more than fair for $9. But the rolls really surprised us: Firestarter and Little Tokyo were both large, fresh rolls, with tasty sauces. I'd come back for more of their specialty rolls.

I was genuinely surprised to have such a positive experience, given the mixed reviews and the discounts available. Regular pricing is a bit high, but the fish is fresh and the dishes are well-prepared. Many of the lower reviews seem to be posted by former fans of the previous ownership- maybe this spot used to be even better, but my experience was worth 4 solid stars."
"Vegas is desperately in need of more stores like this: used movies and music, plus pop-culture-related books, clothing, décor, accessories, and gifts. Their book selection is pretty similar to what is offered at Urban Outfitters, but their used CDs and DVDs are really where they shine- it's like having Amazon Used products available at your fingertips, no shipping charge or delay! They also offer vinyl, for those who feel so inclined. Pricing is fair- look around for sale signs.

Most of the product here aside from the DVDs revolves around music- there's a stash of Nirvana/Kurt Cobain bios and coffeetable books in the back corner, a smallish selection of band shirts, and other various merch. I do like how they have info posted about upcoming CD releases, and they are open til midnight on Mondays for Tuesday releases."
"You can throw a rock and hit an AYCE sushi joint in Vegas, but the east side is perhaps where they are hardest to come across. Despite the relative lack of competition, based on my recent experience they'd do well anywhere in town. 

Fish was fresh across all dishes and they had decent daily specials- some are limited to one per person but we sat at the bar and made friends with the chef and were able to snag an extra, which was nice. Menu has your standard apps, rolls, and nigiri, with a couple of Hawaiian-ish dishes thrown in like mandu, musubi, and some poke nachos. Standout item for me is their spicy tuna tower app, also available in salmon- it's essentially a riceless roll with great presentation. Speaking of riceless rolls, they have about 5 here, along with a vegetarian section, which was unexpected but appreciated. The Carrot Top roll (not riceless or vegetarian) was pretty good, too. Service from the actual server was lackluster and less than attentive to the basics. 

TIP: Location is in the same plaza as Taco y Taco, formerly Sushi Hagi (some signage still up with that name)."
"I get such a kick out of this place- come here with a $10 bill, pop it in the change machine, and you can spend an hour playing various games. My favorite is the 24 game (midway down the front row, lots of bonuses and you can earn extra balls pretty easily), but the Jurassic Park one just isn't that exciting.

The location is packed with games, mostly functional but some out of order. You'll find all ages here, and they don't just have pinball games, there are some old school video games (didn't see a Mrs Pac-Man though) and some truly vintage finds, like a clown that dances when you push buttons.

If you like gaming or just want to do something a little different, check this place out. Don't come hungry, all they have is a single vending machine with limited snack and drink options. Single unisex bathroom available in the back right corner."
"Whenever a discussion about the best chicken wings comes up on Yelp Talk, Johnny Mac's is always an honorable mention- which is what put them on my radar. But I came in with a friend on Wednesday, their half price pizza night, and didn't have room for them. But I definitely want to come back, if only for the novelty of watermelon BBQ sauce!

As I said, pizzas are half price on Wednesdays (dine-in only), and they have other daily specials like BOGO pastas (Thursdays) each day of the week. We went for an early dinner around 4PM and by 5PM there was a standing room only wait- this spot is popular! Despite the crowd, servers came by consistently, were friendly, and did not rush us out, which was much appreciated.

Food was solid- we started with an app order of Cowboy Bites, fried balls of corn, cheese, jalapeno, and olive, with a southwest dipping sauce. They were tasty but I would probably try something else in the future. For our pizza, we decided on the California White (EVOO, tomato, basil, garlic, ricotta, artichokes, roasted peppers, and mozz)- even the small was huge and more than enough for the two of us to share. Pizza was super cheesy with lots of veggies, which was appreciated. Despite all the toppings, I felt something was missing, and added a bit of the app dipping sauce to my pie for a bit more zing. I'd come back to try another pie or those wings though!"
"Just another shady sex shop in a run-down plaza off the Strip, right?
Wrong-o, my friends: this place is clean, organized, staffed with friendly folks, clean, almost looks swanky, and did I mention clean? It's hella clean.

This place is more of a boutique than the stereotypical novelty store.
The far left hand side is clothes, lingerie, and shoes, the middle has bachelorette party novelty goods, and the right has sex furniture, toys, and a limited selection of porn- but who pays for that these days anyway, right?

They also have a display rack of hand-blown (snicker!) glass toys. The glass and high-end stuff is priced high, but competitive with  what I've found elsewhere and/or online.
There's also a surprising amount of fetish gear including spreader bars, ball gags, and various 50-Shades-esque implements to spice things up behind closed doors.
Most impressive about this location is their selection of high-end stuff: from the furniture to the Lelo display, every item has a sample out for you to touch, turn on (wink!), and examine before shelling out. 

Location organization and cleanliness will make me a repeat customer here over any other chain in town. There are also free hershey's kisses available at the register when you pay for your order- all this and chocolate too? They definitely cater to women here!"
"FOOD: All Vegan, all Mexican, all the time! They make their sauces (including a sour cream and fresh salsas) in house. The potato taquitos dorados are a good option for Vegan newbies, or their tacos. The ""asada"" is pretty good, will be trying the ""al pastor"" next. I was hoping to get a great grilled veggie burrito or even some veggie fajitas, but they don't seem to do that, which I found strange. I was thrilled to see quesadillas and nachos on the menu, but my ""asada"" quesadilla barely had anything in it. Vegan cheese can be a difficult transition though. Avocado was fresh but I'm perplexed as to why they only seem to have chopped iceberg lettuce and underripe tomatoes when their target audience is people who eat produce for half of their diet. Menu is extensive though, with other options including tamales, tortas, fideo soup, and sopes.

SERVICE: Not impressed with the female cashier. It's not obvious that you walk up to the bar to order since the register is smack-dab in the middle of the bar with chairs around it and tables blocking any reasonable area where patrons would line up. There's no signage and the menus are all over the tables, but there is no table service. Finally figured it out on my own since no one addressed me after I entered and stood around for a few minutes. Placed my order and the cashier had to double check with the kitchen for availability of every item, then asks multiple times if it's for here or to-go, making it an unnecessarily long process. No smiles, no friendliness, nothing that indicates she understands she's in a service position or representing a new business. Male staff was the exact opposite: friendly, engaging, knowledgeable, and helpful, even brought me out extra salsa.

LOCATION: Parking lot is small, which may be a problem as they get more popular. Interior is a ghastly orange color, no decor to speak of, and the microwave is right in plain sight of the customers. Random bottles of generic salsa are out on counter.  Would suggest moving the microwave and adding a salsa bar to improve the interior.  This is a neighborhood with several solid Mexican restaurants, I'd only pick this place if you're specifically wanting dishes with vegan cheese/meat options as there are better veggie burritos nearby.

UPDATE 8/2018: I've been in a few more times. They've remodeled. The space has slightly improved but the service and food are still hit or miss to me. My food never comes out looking the way their social media photos do, and though the portions are large and prices are fair, the food itself just isn't as flavorful as other similar spots around town."
"I'm going to start with the most important stuff: this is a food court business inside of Seafood City! I missed that detail when stalking their IG page and found myself wandering the shopping center in confusion. Also, the pin on the map on the app is wrong, so that was no help either. You're welcome.

Once you find it, the corner location is bright, colorful, and welcoming, with a large selection of traditional flavors, and the choice of cup, cone, or halo-halo. If you don't know what that is, check the posters on the wall. You can even DIY your own to adjust the sweetness levels and ingredients.

Favorite flavors include the regular ube, which is the bomb dot com- my guy insists the coconut version is even better, but I'm a purist. The avocado ice cream is especially creamy, but thai tea and green tea weren't as flavorful as I'd hoped. The Kona coffee and mango are both pretty good, too. Toss your choice in a bowl or atop your choice of cone (sugar or waffle), take a quick photo, and dive in. Price per person is around $5."
"As anywhere you want to be seen in a timely manner, make an appointment. The waiting room is sparse with entertainment options, featuring a children's movie and a handful of free local publications. Nursing staff was professional and thorough. They are able to do bloodwork on site, which is convenient. Pricing is reasonable without insurance."
"I was excited to hear this spot opened, as I'm a big fan of their sister restaurant. Early photos of everything served takeout style were a turnoff, so I mentally took them off my bookmarks. Recent photos show real plates, so I went in while in the area for work- only to get my order in disposable cardboard trays. Not environmentally friendly or good for the food quality...

Ordered the famous fried spinach salad, which was a good portion size with a great dressing but very clumped together and soggy even when it was ""fresh"". The paper tray and liner soaked up the dressing, so I asked for more, and was told there would be a $2 charge. Um, no.
Also tried the garlic spare ribs, decent portion, fatty and flavorful. Sauce is served on the side, in plastic takeout cups with lids, contributing to more environmental waste. This would be great as an entree with a side of rice. Both orders were brought to my table and plopped down without a word or a smile, interaction with staff was not warm and friendly, and they weren't busy. 

Overall I was disappointed. Advertising this by referencing Nittaya's sets an expectation that the food and service did not meet. Might be a good spot to add to the sparse non-chain options in the area, but as Emily R said, temper your expectations."
"What's with the sudden surge of soda spots opening up shop?! Say that five times fast. ;)
I rarely drink soda, so I am not even remotely in Pop's target audience. But I can appreciate their refreshing beverages when the temps hit triple digits in the desert!

The Oasis was my first drink of choice, which was fruity and not overly sweet despite the Sprite base. Though their drink menu is a bit smaller than other places around town, I really like how they have multiple options that are not soda-based, like the Flamingo and the High Roller (made with lemonade).  If you need a snack to go with your sips, Pop features sugar cookies for sweet and popcorn for salty."
"The perfect place for a leisurely Latin lunch! I came in solo during Spring Break, the only time my schedule allowed me to visit due to their weekday-only hours, and really enjoyed my meal. Shareable apps and tapas portions start the menu, leading into daily specials, soups, salads, sandwiches, and entrees, in addition to a breakfast menu for the early-risers. Despite their tricky hours, they had a pretty packed house for their lunch rush!

From the tapas section, the gambas were garlicky with a great sauce and the queso fundido pulled really well- the chorizo made this a bit greasier than I prefer, they do allow you to get with mushrooms. 
I made room for the Mar y Tierra Paella (by which mean I ate half and took the rest home)- this was actually the specific dish I came in for, and it did not disappoint. Soft, flavorful rice with ample chorizo, a couple of shrimp, and a few mussels. Again, a touch greasy, but so full of flavor!
I couldn't resist dessert, opted for a house-made tres leches that would have greatly benefited from the color and flavor pop of a few pieces of fresh fruit.

My overall experience was solid. Service was laid back but attentive, atmosphere is welcoming, and the food was enjoyable. I am hoping they eventually expand their hours to include evenings or at least one weekend day- they may get enough business to do okay without it, but it significantly limits who can patronise the business."
"Fat Boy has a diverse and affordable menu and good quality. Location is a bit rundown but clean, and staffed with friendly faces. I've been to the Henderson location more often, where the chencho fries are a highlight (just don't tell my cardiologist).

I was recently in this area and grabbed a Gucamole Boyger- got the monster half-pound size which was obviously more than enough but so good. Single patty had crispy edges but was still juicy, guac was fresh, could've used more cheese but that's just being picky. They do also have pizzas, wings/tenders, and burritos- good place for a cheat meal, if a little out of the way for me."
"Star #1: Vegan food at a bar! The owner recently transitioned to a vegan diet and his business added that to the menu. Staff drama aside, they've made some changes to the menu adding and subtracting these dishes, but the fact that I CAN get vegan food at a bar is already noteworthy. The soy tacos and jackfruit tacos are both great (preference for the former), portion is hearty. Buffalo Bites and the slider sampler are next up when I return. Pricing is a bit higher than other spots, there's no $3 late night specials menu, but you're also not eating crap when you dine here.

Star #2: Nevada craft beers. They had one of my absolute favorite limited availability local beers on draft, Crafthaus' Jean Claude Belgian ale. They have an entire menu of beers from Vegas and Nevada, most of which I'd never heard of. Good place to keep it local.

Star #3: Great service from the owner, Stephan, and bartender, Kevin(?), both of whom were super attentive and talkative despite the fact that there were several regulars there as well. Great conversations with both guys. Bonus points for a good sized ""taste"" of a couple beers when I couldn't decide what I wanted, rather than the shot-glass sip other places give.

Stars #4 and #5: NO GAMING AND NO SMOKING, bold print, underlined, multiple exclamation points!! Vegas locals know how hard this is to find, and it's something to be treasured. The fact that I can find great food in a bar shouldn't also obligate me to breathe in toxins and leave smelling like an ashtray. I hear the owner wants to add gaming to increase revenue (which I understand), but for now the lack thereof will still be one of the things I appreciate."
"This plaza always has pretty good eats, but I'm rarely in the mood for Korean. Q gets away from the typical BBQ menu, instead offering various takes on fried chicken (wings, drums, and popcorn style), along with some traditional soups, noodle and rice dishes, and of course, the banchan.

DOLSOT BIBIMBAP: Huge portion, definitely a comfort-food dish. The mix was extremely light on meat, with a bit more veggies, and mostly a ton of rice. Had to ask for sesame oil and sriracha to kick it up from a bland baseline, but the crunchy rice and variety of veggies made it a successful dish for me.
SOY GARLIC WINGS: The wings here are huge, on par with drumsticks elsewhere, and coated in a thick crust topped with a sticky sauce. The flavor seemed to be more of a sweet and sour, or a honey-based sauce, and there were no notes of garlic. Though flavors weren't what we expected, the dish was still good, and we barely put a dent in the order.
LEMON PEPPER POPCORN CHICKEN: Listed separately from the other chicken dishes, this one comes topped with a shredded green onion salad and lemon wedges, with a cold, acidic dipping sauce. This was perhaps my favorite mix of flavors at the table, as I especially enjoy green onion. The salad served to keep this fried dish on the lighter side. I do wish the dipping sauce were heated, as the coldness was a bit of an abrupt interruption to the other ingredients. 

Each dish had some hits and misses about it, but overall it's a place I'd recommend. Heads up that the service uses those little doorbell buttons for each table, which I don't really care for. The décor is an odd mishmash of styles, but I really enjoy the bubble-light chandelier that is the focal point of the dining room. Prices are about on par with $10/meal and portions are more than generous.

Don't forget to use your Yelp check-in offer for a free shaved ice dessert! I'll have to use mine another time, as I was far too full for dessert."
"Creamberry is a super cute dessert shop! They have everything from ice creams to milk teas, as well as decorative character cookies and macarons, and specialties like honey toast, acai bowls, and halo halo. When craving something cold and sweet, I tend to end up across the street at a competitor, but Creamberry has managed to find ways to stand out regardless.

I've only popped by for their drinks and cookies, and those are consistent. I like to grab the macarons to give out as gifts- they're always so well done, with good flavor and no hollows, and the staff are great about declining to sell me some based on smears or a broken-off rabbit ear, etc. I like their honesty rather than just tossing it in a bag to get the sale and assuming I won't notice or care. I am hoping they'll add decorative gift boxes to make this easier!"
"I'm with Rachel S on this one: FF is less of an art thing and more of a cover story for public intoxication and impromptu rap battles. Neither of those things are necessarily bad, but there are other times and places in the city for each.

My FF experience is ""scene kids, crap music, food trucks, and sub part art projects""- the emphasis is not on art, despite the original event intentions or the location. 

Other than a handful of food trucks, each blasting their own music, and a rap battle outside of Bar + Bistro, there were a few artisan booths set up Farmers Market style, as well as the No Kill organization represented.

FF seems to draw a pretty big crowd, and maybe I was just in the wrong place, but I'm past the days when I want to chill with a bunch of teenagers and first-year college students in band tees name-dropping people I don't care about and shouting obscenities."
"Pho Bosa's little sister, Bosa Boba, serves up fresh milk teas and a smorgasbord of sandwiches from paninis to bahn mi and everything in between. The space is tucked into an end spot in a plaza on Polaris, but inside the decor is calming and the service is super sweet.

I came in when they first opened and got a brisket bahni mi that really didn't do anything for me- the portion was right for the price but the brisket itself was gristly and greasy. Veggies were fresh and spreads were flavorful but not enough to save the sando.

Returned recently to find they've made some changes in their exterior, menu, and hours. Opted for the OMG (turkey, bacon, avo spread, spinach, deli mustard, cheese), customized on Dutch crunch with arugula sprouts, and a green Thai tea from their Yelp check-in offer. Such a tasty lunch, with plenty left over for later! Their DC bread is sweet and crunchy without ripping up the roof of my mouth, and it's gigantic (see photos).  There's a lot going on with the ingredients but they harmonize well, and the tea wasn't too sweet.

Looking forward to returning and hoping they're able to stay busy despite their limited hours. Note that they're open only 3 Saturdays a month, so check first before hitting them up on a weekend!"
"It's a locals casino- sign up for their card, and you'll get dining coupons and upcoming gaming contest info about once a month by mail. The gaming floor is grimy and smoky with mostly older slot machines, but the staff tend to be friendly and polite. The sports book is huge, with tons of screens and seats, but the poker room is small and usually pretty dead.

Dining options include a steakhouse (The Broiler) with a good salad bar, and some sad by-the-slice pizza, and a mediocre Mexican counter. Luckily, other ""attractions"" include a movie theater, bowling alley, and live music theater."
"First impressions: the interior reminds me of somewhere a desert cult might hang out to recruit rich members, in a good way. The mostly-white interior with orange accents, lots of windows and light, and small decorative touches like hanging lamps and rustic patio seating all come together in a really nice way. 

BEST OPTIONS
Spanish chorizo with shrimp (app)- incredible, the sauce was similar to a curry and the shrimp were perfect. I'd pay double for an entrée-sized portion and be happy with just that. Fun mix of bread options for dipping.
Green chile cheeseburger- Perfectly cooked to medium, massive portion, good variety of flavors. The jalapeno pepper bacon makes this dish. Side it with the salad, which has a light dressing, walnuts, and goat cheese. Sweet potato fries are for suckers.
New Mexico Spicy Pork Bowl- the most disappointing of the ""good"" dishes. I'd get it for the great value ($14 for a 2 pound bowl that will last you three more meals) and because the spices remind me of a dish my mom used to make with brisket... but it doesn't actually have much flavor. Eggs weren't cooked properly (one under, one over) and they don't actually go with the other ingredients. Hearty and comforting but underwhelming.

SKIP THESE
Chicken Flautas- these were accidentally brought to our table, then comped, but tasted like they were out of a box in the frozen section. Not particularly crispy or flavorful, but plated in a fun way. Not a fan of the filling.
Jerk Shrimp Salad- the shrimp is blackened to greatness, but the salad itself fell flat. Dressing was bland and didn't tie the elements together. Ate less than half.
DW Bloody Mary- $12 glass, split among our table of 3, still didn't finish it. The drink is 1/3 garnishes (love that jalapeno bacon!) and the beverage itself is nicely spicy, but it wasn't great and we agreed we wouldn't get it again.

Service was professional. Most other parties appeared to be drinking heavily during their visit, so this is probably best experienced as a brunch place. Not sure if Id return without someone else suggesting it."
"NOTE: They have self-parking. Pull into the garage (yes, where there is a ton of valet signage), and pull a U-turn to find it. All this time I thought they were valet-only. You're welcome.

I was pleasantly surprised to finally visit this smaller boutique-style Strip casino. Ground floor layout is long and narrow, with lots of cozy nooks and art. I especially like the old-school art-deco chandeliers- upscale but not overkill. The layout prevents the casino from feeling like a sea of slot machines, though they do have plenty.

Separate private elevators to the rooms, restaurants, and Drai's on the roof.  But this spot is small, so it really only has one store (Curios?), one restaurant (Giada's), two lounge/bars, and Drais. Easy access to the LINQ area for more options though."
"Large, clean new location- they have the same menu and massive portions as the other locations, but I felt the staff was a little less friendly, lacked the character found at other locations. 

The breakfast offerings are reliably good, but I usually only come here for desserts: the fresh fruit crepes with just strawberries and powdered sugar, no whip or cheese, are the best. Light, fluffy crepes packed with tons of fresh strawberries- super healthy, shareable portion, about $12."
"Sometimes I just get a crazy craving for Indian food. If I'm in the Henderson area, I'll often stop here. I've dined in for the lunch buffet and a la carte menus, and grabbed takeout once or twice. Service and food quality have been consistent, and it's likely I'll continue to go and recommend it.

Favorite dishes here are the goat curry and biryani, and I always get the garlic naan. I like that I can bring almost anyone here because the buffet is consistently well stocked with a variety for various diets, including pescatarian (fish korma) and vegan (several choices). The aloo gobi gets rave reviews from those friends in particular."
"After visiting for happy hour, dessert, and brunch, I can confidently say that the food at Hexx is better than it needs to be for a Strip location with patio seating and an attached dessert/gift shop. Apparently the chef from Due Forni (a local gem) recently took over the kitchen and is responsible for many of the improvements.

For HH (20% off apps plus drink discounts), the Surf & Turf sliders and Flatbread Carpaccio were both solid flavor-wise but neither was quite what we expected. Menu makes no mention of the barbecue component of the short rib-lobster pairing but it somehow worked. Shout out to the amazing housemade kettle chips on the side. The flatbread flavors needed the mustard sauce to harmonize and seemed to be closer to a tartare than a carpaccio, but it got devoured, too.

 Brunch featured a swath of dishes from all over the menu, with the Prime Rib French Dip falling flat while others like the Hexx Benedict (featuring a base made of scalloped potatoes!), Chicken & Waffles (elevated by housemade pickles and bourbon-maple syrup),  and Carrot Cake Pancakes (a well-balanced sweet and savory combo) stood out as reasons to come back. The Twisted Sticky Bun was a little too sweet and a little too doughy for my personal preference but makes a great share dish, particularly if you don't opt for other sweets. 

Dessert is really where they shine, though! The S'Mores Semifreddo is a creative presentation  that combines all the classic flavors with an emphasis on the toasted marshmallow. The safe-sounding Peanut Butter Cheesecake also gets you a photogenic treat with spun sugar and candied peanuts, and tasted both super creamy and nicely nutty. 

Service varied on my visits, from our super-friendly brunch host to an absent-when-needed bartender. Reservation and seating policies seem inconsistent, with one hostess militantly insisting she couldn't seat my party til all were present while another graciously rushed us to our table five minutes after appointment time regardless that one guy was still stuck in the parking garage. Luckily the great food made up for the lackluster introduction for others in our group who had no previous experience here... but it should still be addressed."
"A bright, sun-filled dining room with an herb garden, cozy patio seating, AND a healthy menu?! They even include calorie counts, gluten free, and vegan options. What's not to love? Read on, y'all.

QUINOA CRUNCH WRAP, $9 and half the size of a standard water bottle. That was a bit irritating. Took my first bite and pulled out a gigantic piece of broccoli that took up a third of the filling. Flavors, after that point, were tasty, and I really enjoyed the fireman's spicy sauce, but... at $9, I'd have to talk myself into getting it again.
Added on a $4 side of roasted Brussels sprouts and sweet potato, some of my favorite vegetables. They were beautiful. But had no flavor, aside from the crunch of roasting. Maybe I'm spoiled by the honey-sriracha and heavy-handed garlic versions I make at home, but these had no seasoning whatsoever. There was a visible hollandaise-looking sauce on the dish, but it was flavorless.

 For a $14 lunch, I was full and I actually really liked the flavors of the wrap...but they need to hang out with my friends Salt & Pepa a little bit more. Wish the location was closer to me, I'd be interested in giving their fish tacos a try."
"DIY pizza spots are a food trend only second to the sushirrito/poke bowls, but PizzaRev stands out in a few ways.

#1 They have beer and wine. Who doesn't love the classic combination of pizza and beer?! Plus they actually have a bar area with a couple of TVs to watch a game. This chain skews toward a slightly older crowd than the other family-centric chains.

#2 Their service is hella friendly. Like, Brandon and I could legit be friends. It's not just greeting everyone and smiling, the staff along the assembly line make genuine conversation. 

#3 They have constant promos and discounts! Mondays 4 can dine for $40, including pizzas, salad, drinks, and dessert. Tuesdays, their usual $8 pies are $6. Downloading their RevRewards app gets you an instant freebie. It's like they actually want you to come back!

#4 Their product is pretty good. You can double up on crusts for a thicker hand-tossed version, or pay $2 more for GF. They aren't stingy with the toppings. Vegan options (daiya) and seasonal specials (roasted brussels sprouts!) are available. Food comes out fairly fast and it's more than enough for one meal. 

As long as PizzaRev's around, I'll be coming back every couple of weeks. But I wouldn't complain if they made a location about five miles north..."
"Went in with a Meetup group for a yoga class in the salt cave. The owner, Ava, is extremely customer oriented and met with us after the class to discuss the benefits of the salt therapy. Our yoga instructor, Erica?, was very personable and included reiki and adjustments during our class. 

The studio is well decorated with a lobby full of beautiful gift items to a bathroom stocked with salt scrubs and fragrances. The salt cave we were in (there are 3 on site?) was a total escape- soft pink glow from the walls of pink bricks, pebbles of salt underfoot, and a spa soundtrack during our class. The dry salt being diffused through the room took a while for me to get used to but overall it was a very relaxing experience. They also offer massage services, or you can just go and sit in the room in a zero-gravity chair. 

TIP: $10 off first visit with Yelp check in. Kids room available."
"Tom Yum is in the Galleria Mall and despite that location, makes some damn delicious Asian fusion dishes. Though the name says ""Thai"" they also do a handful of Filipino and Chinese dishes too. I followed the staff here from their east side restaurant, JWok, and though they've changed to a cafeteria-style setup, their focus is still on putting out flavorful, home-style food with friendly family-owned service. 

I usually luck into seeing Jason when I stop by, and he hooks me up with whatever's freshest. The Tokyo style or Adobo beef, Asian Cajun garlic shrimp, and any of their curry options are always really good- their sauces are balanced and their proteins are fresh and juicy. Props for offering some vegan options, too. They also have fresh-made soups, along with a few apps and a bunch of boba drinks for those just looking for a snack. I really like their honey boba but my friend swears by their coconut milk tea with pudding. Lots of great stuff in this small mall spot!"
"Vegas has plenty of places to grab late night Japanese eats, but what I appreciate about Oodle Noodle is that they're on Flamingo instead of Spring Mountain- there is no hassle to find a parking spot or a seat. The open kitchen also quells any fears about eating at an ethnic restaurant if you're dining with less adventurous eaters.

Oh, and the food is solid. They have a variety of dishes from noodles (duh) to soups, hot and cold apps/small dishes, and raw fish dishes. The kimchi hot pot udon was amazing, and perfect for this ""cold"" (for Vegas) winter weather we've been having. The energy bowl and salmon/avocado bowls are good for getting your sushi fix, and priced fairly. Ask if you have questions though, because some of the more traditional dishes didn't come out as expected (ie the spinach-mushroom-fried tofu dish is cold rather than warm)."
"Mixed feelings about this one. Apparently it's a second location of US Halal Fried Chicken from Pecos/Sunset but they dropped the ""Halal"" and added a drive-thru? In any case, it's been on my radar so I went in excited. Menu is massive, from the namesake chicken to burgers, salads, ribs, fish, shawarma, and apparently now pizza, according to new signage. But IMO it's a case of trying to do too many things to do all of them well. 

Placed order for 3 piece fried chicken plate with roll and potato wedges, add mac- decent price around $10. They tossed in a couple of extra wings which was a nice touch but they were very dry. Chicken overall had a light breading but wasn't as juicy as I would expect for a spot that specializes in fried chicken- sauces were necessary and leftovers were tossed. Potato wedges, Hawaiian roll, and mac were decent but likely frozen/premade. Curious about whether ownership/management is the same, totally didn't live up to the hype."
"I'm not gonna lie, my expectations for this sports bar weren't any higher than the other average sports bars in town- I was pleasantly surprised by the unexpectedly upscale interior, and further impressed by the high-quality food!

There's a wall of TV screens not unlike a sports book, making it easy to watch any game you came for- servers have no problem changing channels on a screen so you can view the game you want. Found the mix of sitting areas interesting: booths for groups, a lounge-area for ladies dressed to impress, typical bar seating, and ottomans everywhere for when your group grows larger than expected.

But of course the highlight is the food- it's executed especially well and the menu has so much more diversity and quality than your average sports bar.
CRISPY CHICKEN SKINS: not my bag, served with honey and enjoyed by my guy
GARLIC PRETZELS AND HUMMUS: so good, generous portion, very garlicky
BUFFALO WINGS: surprisingly meaty, well priced at 7/$8, plus veggie sticks
STUFFED MUSHROOMS: generous portion of 10 mushrooms served on a bed of caramelized onions, cheesier than expected, could not finish the order
PRIME RIB DIP SLIDERS: holy horseradish sauce, this was a kick in the face! Good option but ask for the sauce on the side if you don't love that flavor. Served with amazing fries, ask for the chipotle aioli for dipping. 
BUFFALO CHICKEN MAC AND CHEESE: portion could use a bit more chicken and a bit less noodle, but it's a generous one with an amazing sauce that has the flavor of buffalo and the creaminess of a roux but without an offputting amount of spice. Ordered this on a whim, but would get again!

In addition to the menu items above, breakfast is available 24/7 and they also have a Happy Hour. There are 15 types of sliders to choose from and we only tried one. Wish this location wasn't clear across town for me, we'd be regulars if it were more easily accessible!"
"In a word, overpriced. I know most casino restaurants are, but this place listed burgers for $13 and I just didn't feel they were worth it. The mushroom-onion burger has an ample amount of tasty grilled onions, but the fries were somehow the star. They were crisp outside, and soft inside, and just the right temperature. This is one of the times I was a little glad that the portion wasn't too big, as I would have gulped down as many as they'd given me.

The soup was not a good choice though- the French onion is only available in a bowl size, so I expected something larger than what I got, especially when it was priced at $8 and was more of an appetizer than a meal (which is what I'd ordered it for). Add to this that the soup itself was completely unremarkable, and you might understand my frustration.

The customer service could also use a boost- one employee came by and asked for our drink order, only to be followed by another asking for our drink order and appetizer order RIGHT behind him. I understand that maybe they didn't know whose table it was, but the second guy (who we got stuck with the rest of our visit) was not as friendly and rubbed me the wrong way. For starters, he seemed frustrated that we didn't immediately place an order for a $12 appetizer the second our butts hit the seats and when we didn't have our meal order ready the moment he returned with our drinks, he rudely warned us that he was ""going to step away for 60 seconds and be back"", as if to make a point that we'd specifically said we needed an extra 'minute'. Maybe it was his attempt at humor or sarcasm, but it came off as rude and immediately gave our visit a negative tone.

The food was okay, I guess, for what it was, but based on the customer service alone, I would not return."
"Walking into a sports bar just after the Oregon-Ohio championship started, I didn't expect to be able to find a table. But Sporting Life surpasses a lot of expectations. We were able to find a table easily, and the staff were welcoming and friendly, food was on par with a gastropub and prices were on par with the quality.

DEVILED EGGS: Simple but delicious, at an old-school price of fifty cents each!
PRETZEL BITES WTIH CHEESE ($5 game day deal): tasty pretzels, soft and not too salty, with a tasty cheese sauce. First order, the cheese was too thin (like water), table later purchased an additional order and the cheese was the right consistency.
MARINATED SKIRT STEAK ($10): great char and flavor, cooked just right and only a touch tough, served over some crazy-tasty potatoes
GERMAN BRAT & FRIES ($5 Game Day Deal): such crispy fries! Snagged a few of my friend's before just ordering a plate of my own. Sausage wasn't quite as flavorful as back home (nor was the 'kraut), but both were solid on their own. The mustard it's served with is wicked good though, ask for extra!
SHORTRIB FLATBREAD ($13): So friggin' good. Almost didn't order a flatbread due to the very mixed reviews, but opted for this one based on the server's recommendation and was blown away by the ample portion of meat, light but great bleu cheese, with accents of onion and mushroom. Would get this again!
WINGS (4 whole, $11): Almost didn't try these (partly due to the price) but my guy has a thing for whole wings. Opted for the hot sauce on the side, which was super spicy and a weird consistency. The wings themselves were perfect as-is: lightly fried, super crispy, just a sprinkle of salt for flavor, some of the best I've had.

Service from servers, food runners, and bartenders was solid throughout the night, and the owner Scooter even came out and introduced himself- he's a 49ers fan, so that automatically made him a new friend. Definitely a place we'll be coming back to for games- they have 24 screens and there isn't a bad seat in the house."
"Amazing New York Italian food by actual NY Italians- their food is delicious and they are friendly, despite the gruff reputation New Yorkers usually get. You can't go wrong with the sandwiches, but always check out their specials.

SANDWICHES: Once had a sausage and broccoli rabe special here that blew every other sandwich I've ever had out of the way. It was that good. The #1 and #2 are both solid if you dig cold sandos, the Tony Soprano or Goodfellas are tasty hot options. Regardless which one you pick, they're all served on some of the best bread outside of Italy.

PIZZA, PASTA, & OTHER OPTIONS: Haven't tried a whole pie, but their Sicilian square slices are crispy, cheesy, and delicious. The rice balls are a good, cheap add-on to your meal. Neapolitan is not stuffed, but still delicious. It's basically risotto with a crispy exterior and a side of sauce for dipping. AKA, heaven.

I've mostly focused on sandwiches here, and you can't really go wrong with what you pick from that section. Go in with an appetite!"
"Chica is so nice, I visited twice during Restaurant Week alone! The former DB Brasserie space has a fun mix of seating areas, furniture, styles, and textiles for a visually interesting space that also features multiple bar areas and grills where you can watch the food and drinks come together. Latin-inspired menu boasts hot and cold apps, meaty entrees, and a creative cocktail program. A dinner visit with friends allowed for sampling of several dishes and solidified plans to return for a lunch date.

APPS: I know everyone goes ape for guac, but the Mac and Queso is really the must-get option here, with Peruvian corn baked in a parm cream gratin. It's like a ""healthy"" mac and cheese due to the vegetables! After having this, the Grilled Corn Lollipops just didn't stand a chance. The fresh ceviches (options for tuna or halibut) are small but solid, with the empanadas arriving a bit overly charred and lacking moisture. The two apps I'd most been looking forward to, Grilled Octopus and Mushroom Quesadillas, underwhelmed. The former threw me off visually by matching the protein portion with so many shishitos and a surprisingly peppery sauce that overshadowed the tough tentacles, while the quesadillas were so thin as to prompt comments about whether the kitchen had forgotten the mushrooms and bleu cheese. The Chica fries were forgettable. 

MAINS: You gotta getta order of porchetta! Crispy skin, juicy and flavorful meat, sided with yucca, onion, and brussels. This was a great dish, but ask for a serrated knife because cutting through the skin was practically a workout in itself. Another standout is the Lemon Meyer rotisserie chicken (available by the half or whole), an explosion of juiciness and flavor, paired perfectly with an herb chimmi churri. The Shrimp & Quinoa Cazuela was surprisingly good pairing of trendy grain plus lentils, accented with cheese and several plump shrimp. Those favoring meat and potatoes will like the classic flavors of the Asado Negro Braised Short Rib, which unfortunately doesn't photograph well but was extremely tender. The lunch sandwichito Cubano was okay; a safe choice, not a standout

DESSERTS: Both of the dinner options we tried were visually appealing, but the Tres Leches was the favorite with a toasted meringue topper. The Venezuela Marquesa cake was nicely chocolatey with subtle coffee notes but not served with the crema ice cream I'd looked forward to. Lemon Bunelos from the lunch menu are tasty even without the berry and dulce dips, but not something I'd get again. 

 Service was friendly from bar to table and attentive both for visits. Notably, the sommelier took the initiative to come over after noticing Kevin L checking out the drink menu and his suggestions were spot-on for the requested flavor and budget preferences! 

I enjoyed Chica, finding it to be a great improvement over the previous restaurant. My only concern about dining here was the volume: it's noisy with all hard surfaces and much conversation had to be repeated or kept to those immediately adjacent, which is problematic for both group dining or a date night. Ultimately, I have to agree with Rod U, who declared this place ""impressive and fun""!"
"I am so late to writing this review, it's ridiculous. Hopefully the next time I pop by, Chef Hiro won't shoo me out the door for my oversight. In short, Sushi Hiro is the best sushi in Henderson!

I've only been by for lunch, where the omakase and chirashi prices are a bit lower. The dishes are consistently fresh, beautifully presented, and full of flavor. My go to is the chirashi bowl, and the chef is great about accommodating reasonable requests (no wasabi, no octopus, etc). Though they do offer a menu of rolls, I stick to their more traditional sushi options, which are simple but well executed. 

Note that you can order online to take your spectacular sushi feast home. I advise against this because of how great the dine-in presentation and service are, go when you can enjoy the whole experience! Highly recommend sitting at the bar to watch the action, but the private booths are nice too."
"The process to take multiple shuttles to get and return your car here is a huge pain in the butt, but if you're one of the few people in line who don't complain, they'll probably upgrade you. Paid for a compact, got a Jeep SUV, loved it and almost tried to turn in my Volvo at the end of the week instead!"
"This medical office shares space with Zeeba Sleep Clinic, and it seems to have several doctors on staff- my boyfriend and I worked with Jarvis and Juwuan for our visits. We initially came here due to their reasonable cash prices for uninsured patients when my guy was without insurance, which my be helpful for others to know.

Front office staff isn't particularly friendly or organized, and personally, it's hard for me to take a medical office seriously when they're playing Dr. Oz and his pseudo-science TV show in the waiting room. That said, the doctors and nurses we interacted with were polite, professional, and knowledgeable.

My gripe about this particular office stems from the fact that though we appreciated their uninsured patient policies and pricing, appointments were inefficient and simple tasks such as getting a physical and bloodwork took multiple visits (and thus multiple charges)."
"A bar with SHUFFLEBOARD, friendly staff, SHUFFLEBOARD, and creative takes on typical bar food? I'm in trouble, since I live only a few blocks away. And love SHUFFLEBOARD!

Came here briefly last night for a UYE but couldn't stick around. Staff was super friendly, from the servers to the owner, who went out of his way to make us feel welcome, ask for feedback, and allow us to sample menu items.

Highlight of the menu is the jalapeno fries: tempura-fried jalapeno strips with a tabasco-spiked ranch dressing. The light batter mellows out the spice of the peppers, and has a similar effect when used on the fried pickles.

Really came for the burgers, which are stuffed and topped with additional cheeses, jalapenos, and bacon, in a few different varieties. Unfortunately, I found that the burgers didn't quite live up to my expectations: thy were a bit too overloaded and difficult to eat, buns fell apart, and the plethora of gourmet toppings/stuffings PLUS the traditional burger veggies was just too much. 
As for the burgers themselves, the Jalapeno Popper one outranked the Big Mess burger for our group, but we were in agreement that the patties were overcooked.
Partially accepting some blame myself, as our burgers were taken to-go, and the steam trapped in the box likely contributed to the buns falling apart. 
Good flavors and good value for price though: $11/each.

Will come back for appetizers and SHUFFLEBOARD (anyone want to try to beat me?), and likely to watch a few games. Good selection of beers on tap as well."
"Lunch special of deep-dish slices and a drink for $5 is mad decent. Deep dish pizza here is surprisingly good, and even buying a whole is cheap, but only if we're talking calories and not nutrition. 

Location is in a strip mall plaza, in a smaller building near the street- interior is pretty bare and small, as most LC's are. Service is fairly quick and polite, though I've been known to come shortly before close when they're down to only one or two guys working and things get backed up. But at least your pizza is super fresh.

Haven't worked up the nerve to try their new pretzel pizza but someday I'm sure I'll get around to it one of these days."
"You know a place is good when the employees in the surrounding businesses suggest it, unsolicited. I get my hair done next door to Rivas, and there's always at least one stylist eating nachos or a burrito and it's not unusual for the whole store to erupt in arguing over favorite dishes. 

The consensus seems to be that the fajitas are the best choice but you can't really go wrong. Their chile relleno is one of the best I've had and their burritos are packed with protein. Ask what's in them though, because the shrimp just comes with pico and guac (and a TON of shrimp!), and I opted to add spinach to fill it out. The enchiladas get really mixed reviews though. 

Rivas is a counter service place with very limited seating. Don't leave without hitting up the salsa bar- selection is limited but the red is mild and the green is good for more kick."
"First off, I love the name- gotta love a pun! I met Kimberlee through a networking group and found out about her hair skills afterward when multiple friends recommended her for color services. From the time I made initial contact for scheduling, Kim has been prompt, attentive, and professional.

Met with her inside the Simplicity Salon for a color appointment- my roots had grown out and I had a family event coming up, she was able to fit me in the very next weekend, in the morning between other appointments. She asked questions about my previous color treatments and showed me her color products to get a feel for what I wanted and what would be best for my hair type, then went to town- overall results were great, my hair is healthy and the color is revived. But more than that, Kim was very personable and easy to talk to, from hair goals to personal stuff. Her nickname as the Hairapist is definitely fitting.

I was so pleased with my first visit that I've already scheduled my next appointment to touchup and add highlights over the summer. I am looking forward to catching up with her as much as I am to my new 'do!"
"Calling this a ""seafood market"" is a bit of a stretch.  I was expecting sushi-grade tuna and salmon, considering the business name but their stock is limited and mostly frozen.. Luckily, they can fry on site to order, which I miss from the CA seafood markets I used to go to.

Next to the seafood area, there's a Filipino food counter but the items looked as if they'd been sitting out for quite some time and did not look appetizing. There are also Filipino baked goods and desserts by the check out stand, which looked fresh and I saw varieties I haven't seen elsewhere. 

Produce area is ample, fresh, and fairly well stocked. Majority of store is canned and processed ethnic foods, seemed to be priced higher than elsewhere- charging for the convenience for those who live nearby, I guess. I'll stick to hitting up Chinatown instead."
"I live nearby and have read over the rave reviews, but only recently managed to make it in for Oyshi's AYCE lunch. The selection is large, with several sides and apps, as well as grilled dishes, to supplement the nigiri and (massive list of) sushi rolls.

Definitely ask about the daily specials to ensure you are trying their freshest fish available: the scallop, smoked salmon, conch, and mackerel on my visit were all incredible. Nigiri portions are generous with thick-cut large pieces. 

Favorite rolls are the CHUNG HUA (salmon tempura and garlic yum yum spicy tuna inside topped with white fish and avocado, spicy ponzu and sesame oil sauces): it's spicy and has a great mix of flavors without being too heavy, really liked the sauces. This roll is nicely balanced out by the YELLOWTAIL TRIO (yellowtail chunks, cucumber, gobo, kaiwari topped with yellowtail sashimi dressed in ginger sauce), which is a lighter roll with the fish and fresh cucumber as the stars. 

Standout apps include the sashimi salad, the vegetable tempura, and the miso soup (generous portion, lots of seaweed, and a savory-not-salty broth). The must-get orders for us include the Chung Hua roll above, a selection of nigiri, and incredible MACKEREL SPECIAL HANDROLLS, with gobo, kiwari, and cucumber.

Extra star for great service: Jesus is my favorite server f(rom another restaurant) and his attention to detail is unsurpassed. If you've never had a server recognize you across town and greet you by name, you might not understand. Jesus is the best, request him specifically if you are going for a special occasion or as a large group."
"I don't understand why they opened an airport location if they aren't going to highlight what they do well. Location limited to a ready-made assortment of sandwiches and salads, none of which are particularly interesting (chicken salad, grilled cheese, Caesar) and made-to-order smoothies. The snack box I purchased (crackers, apple slices, hard boiled egg,  and cheese) had an extremely generous serving of brie, but minimal other items to actually eat it, requiring you to purchase an additional bag of pita chips or pretzels, or let the cheese go to waste. Frankly, the smoothie I had was too runny and lacked flavor. For the same price, I had better (and faster) at the nearby Juice Express. Nonexistent service, employee had zero personality or interest in helping me, making suggestions, or making my smoothie."
"Paperless statements are inaccurate and the website is irritating to navigate- one step to recall password, another to recall username, repeated login errors, not saving changes to the account, etc. But then they disconnect your service even though your account is listed as ACTIVE and in good standing.   

EDIT: Electric service resumed within half an hour of me raising hell over an ERROR, which tells me they're more than capable of communicating with me about this appropriately. No apology received."
"""How great can a grilled cheese truck possibly be? I mean, bread and cheese isn't that hard to do. And what's with the ridiculous spelling?!"" Yeah, so that was before I tried this spot. I was wrong. I admit it. The wacky takes on grilled cheese sandwiches are inventive without trying too hard, and offer something for every taste. If Ludacris can do it, I guess it's okay for these guys. Plus, pun!

Finally found this truck at the Third Thursday event on my side of town- staff friendliness totally made my visit, though the Yelp check-in deal (free drink!) is pretty cool too. The menu is limited but has several sandwich options, as well as an app, a special, and a combo deal, and canned/bottled beverages.

The sweet lady taking orders was welcoming and positive, talked me through the menu and made her own recommendations. I was torn between two sandos, and she let me know I could half-and-half if to try two for $5. I added on the mac and cheese egg rolls too, because duh.

THREE WAY PARLAY: Their take on a classic grilled cheese, with three kinds of cheese and parmesan crusted bread. Oozing, gooey, deliciousness. The simplicity went perfectly with their parmesan wonton fries. Odd combo, but one that works.
THE HANGOVER:  Pretzel sliders, bro. Topped with drunken onions, grilled summer sausage, and pepper jack cheese, served with their special beer cheese spread (which I'd like to buy in bulk). This wasn't my favorite thing, but my BF really liked the meat and hints of spice. Reminded me of a pub burger. The onions and cheese sauce were my favorite parts. 
DADDYS ON A ROLL: Deep fried mac and cheese eggrolls with kimchi sauce. I almost didn't get these, but the reviews rave about 'em. The mac itself is actually a really good classic version without being bland or adding anything funky. The eggroll wrappers make them portable, and the kimchi sauce? It sounded like something I wouldn't like but added the perfect extra pop; it elevated the rolls.

The only thing I'd change about this place is to add a soup option or two- maybe only seasonally for the colder months, but a cup of tomato would have gone PERFECTLY with the 3-way. Something to consider! I'll be ordering again the next time I see these guys anywhere nearby."
"I attended a Yelp event here and left with a gift card to return- made a reservation for date night a few months later and was pleased to find that the quality of service and food are consistently excellent!

The farm-to-table concept makes for a seasonally-changing menu of small plates and staple entrees, all with fresh produce and a subtly healthy slant- makes this spot a great option for vegetarians or the health-conscious. Add in the fun of the snack wagon and sweet wagon circling the dining room, and you're in for a great time.


SNACK WAGON: The GAZPACHO was thicker than I'm used to but had an unexpectedly robust flavor that my guy really enjoyed. The SPICY STEAK TARTARE was mild considering the name, getting it's heat from the addition of sambal and a pop of bright Thai basil.

APPETIZERS:  The SPINACH AND SMOKED TROUT SALAD was a bit salty for my preferences but was packed with different textures, just wish the beets were more ripe and sweet. Our server recommended the GRILLED OCTOPUS dish, and it was one of the highlights of our meal: thick, juicy slices atop a potato puree with mustard accents, greens, and crostini. I was tempted to get another order, it's that good! The trio of tiny SMOKED BRISKET BUNS was cute but  received mixed reception, the moist and tender meat unsuccessfully paired with Korean fusion flavors. 

ENTREES: We shared the LAMB CHOPS, served perfectly medium-rare and nicely seasoned. The slightly-gamey flavor that is unique to lamb was less pronounced than in other preparations, which may make it more appealing to those who might not be as fond. This paired excellently with the FARRO PORRIDGE: a thick, saucy mix featuring wild foraged mushrooms, black truffle, and a slow cooked farm egg. Another must-get dish!

SWEET WAGON:  Miniaturized treats are available for a reasonable 3/$10, allowing you to get a variety for the table to share! The chocolate mousse financier was our favorite, followed up by the raspberry tart and the cream puff, which had an odd texture issue and fairly flat flavor. 


Throughout our meal, service was attentive and the view into the kitchen was entertaining. Even though a considerable portion of our bill was covered by dining credits, the actual menu prices are extremely reasonable for the quality: this is not one of the  Strip restaurants that are inflating prices and phoning it in. We are already planning to bring my boyfriend's parents when they visit next month!"
"This seasonal food truck is only available in the summer months- it seems to pop up around June and stick around til the end of August or September. Never made it by last year as they were gone by the time I finally got around to visiting.

The truck is nicely decorated with the available flavors and cone/cup sizes on display. Definitely get the coconut, it was super-creamy with little bits of shredded coconut flakes for texture. The mint chip was just okay, had an artificial taste to it but they did have large pieces of chocolate candy on top. 

Portion sizes are huge. Prices seemed fair for the portion but I didn't see posted pricing- I just know that my small was a flat $5, which may get steep if you bring a family. Service was quick and to the point, not particularly personable."
"Michael U's review covers the background info about how this event got started, and like him I attended as a guest judge for their featured Foodie Fight. In December, this portion of the festivities was held at the amphitheater, which made it feel more organized and professional. The setup featured a live kitchen with two chefs (Chef Jainine Jaffer and Chef Lloyd Bansil) in a timed challenge to make dishes with a mystery ingredient. Other guest judges were Stacy Gualandi (Emmy-winning reporter from Inside Edition) and Brett Raymer (from Animal Planet's Tanked and new owner of Donut Mania).  The event itself was fun to be a part of and was really well done with cameras over the kitchen area for viewers to keep up with the action. The host, Hell's Kitchen season 12 winner Chef Scott Commings, was energetic and engaging with the audience. This definitely seems to be one of the highlights of the Just Add Water Street event, and it's very well executed.

My visit was specific to the December event, and it was reported that they had less participants this month, probably due to the event falling on New Years weekend and the weather being colder. There were several food trucks available, as well as a bar area and wine tasting for adults. Vendors were on hand with local farmer's market goods from fresh vegetables to clothing and cosmetics. There was a good mix of games and activities for kids, as well. Hopefully as the event gains momentum, things will improve and more organizations will be involved to help highlight and revitalize the Henderson area's culture.

NOTE: Event will resume in March 2018, closed January and February!"
"Epic: adjective. Used to connote a large degree of positivity, like awesome or incredible. Unfortunately, Epic Thrift is epically bad. I've been to better garage sales. The experience is complete with nasty odors, dated merchandise, and stray dogs. Seriously. 

Upon entering, I was greeted with a foul stench that had notes of cat urine and mothball. This leads one to suspect that the clothes and products are unwashed. I nearly walked out based on that first impression alone. 

Majority of stock is extremely dated (all kitchen goods were older than I am), from the books and records to the clothes. Additionally, the clothing racks were not organized. Ladies sections mixed juniors, womens, and plus sizes all on the same rack, while the section of tops contained sleeveless workout-style tops in with hoodies and jackets in with the dresses. I realize things get put back in the wrong area by customers, but this was consistent throughout the store.

Oh and the dog. Yeah. Someone walked in with a dog. Not a cute purse-dog in a contained space, but a mid-sized scrawny-looking mutt that appeared to be a stray, wandering the store. I thought it had sneaked in until I followed it around and saw a lady pick it up and carry it around with her like a baby. What the actual hell?

Not a single employee said a word to this woman about her pet as she entered or browsed around, or to me, as I spent over half an hour here. Service is nonexistent."
"Holy yucca fries, yall. New Granada has opened in the hoppin' CSN food court building with a menu of Colombian favorites from fusion burgers and hot dogs to empanadas and peeled corn. Plus that yucca. 

Ordered via Yelp, got the Italian dog (sausage, mozz, bacon, crushed potato chips, sauces), the yucca (insert heart eyes emoji here), and empanadas- they didn't offer an option for what kind, but I got chicken and potato. The dog was okay, huge portion but flavors didn't really harmonize. Empanada was good but wish I had filling options. Okay so about that yucca- huge portion, perfectly fried, and served with this amazing salty, cheesy sauce that I could not get enough of. Whatever you get, add on the yucca, trust me.

Service was polite, online ordering is convenient, bonus points for vegan options."
"Have been hearing about the BOGO happy hour Frappuccino prices from 3PM-5PM from a friend of mine. Eventually, I stopped here to give him one.

Loved that this location has a drive-thru, and that the employee who helped me said they were half price, not necessarily BOGO- I didn't want the extra calories. Was able to get my friend his treat, in a venti size, for under $3.

Can't beat that. Also, this deal applies to the featured frapp flavors including mocha cookie crunch- the one I got, which was delish."
"When I'm feeling under the weather, all I want is spicy Thai food. Thankfully, Thai BBQ delivers- literally. I don't even have to leave my house to get my culinary cure on. Google the latest Eat24 discount code for a couple bucks off and you'll be eating within an hour.

The menu is huge, but you can't go wrong with the chicken tom kha soup- I get it extra spicy and it clears up all my congestion and the flavors are comforting. Love how this is one of the few versions in the city that isn't packed with scraps of lemongrass and chunks of ginger I have to keep picking out.

The lunch specials (also available for delivery) are under $10, generously portioned, and way better than the usual standard specials- think steamed ginger fish, grilled salmon tamarind, and garlic short ribs. My guy always goes for the crab fried rice though, because it's consistently good."
"It's a cute shop, but the service is awkward- most places encourage you to sample the flavors to pick what you want to order, and while this wasn't denied, the staff member helping us didn't seem thrilled. At other places, when a couple come in and ask for flavors, both people get samples, here it was like pulling teeth to ask to try the same flavor my friend sampled. Odd for a gelato store to have this perspective, to say the least.

Range of flavors was good- they had a few non-dairy options, and a few really creative flavors (orange-ricotta?). I got the coffee (not much flavor, TBH) and the banana (underrated, more of a sweet, cooked banana flavor rather than fresh!), and in the two minutes it took to ring me up, my cup was already melting all over the place. Perhaps their freezers need to be turned up, as this issue doesn't happen elsewhere.

Overall it's a cute location and the guy who helped us was polite. Prices were about on par with other spots, and they had a good selection of flavors. If you're in the area, stop by and check them out... but I wouldn't drive out here just for this spot.

TIP Location is right on the water by Lake Las Vegas Marina. FInd that, put your back to the water, and it's to the right by the grassy area near Essence & Herbs."
"This place doesn't look like much- in fact, even armed with the Yelp app directions, I drove past it. The exterior just says PIZZA & RIBS, instead of the actual business name. That said, now that I've found it, I'm not going to forget. 

There's currently a Yelp deal up, $10 for $20 credit. They also have $5 discount codes for ordering online. Either of these can be combined with their super-low lunch special prices. And even the lunch portions are enormous! So far, I've yet to find anything that isn't tasty.

RIB TIPS: The favorite dish so far, an entire takeout box packed full of meaty pieces, and better than many of the crappy barbecue spots here in town. $10
PHILLY SANDO: Lunch special is a hefty sandwich packed with meat and grilled veggies, plus a side of fresh fries, for about $8. This easily makes two lunches for me.
WINGS & FRIES: Their sauce choices are few but the wings themselves are large and meaty, and even the meal comes with ~12 pieces. Not sure how many come in the bucket or half bucket, but this is a generous portion. Bonus points for offering a Cajun flavor that is actually a sauce instead of a dry rub!

Service is friendly and fast. Location is a small and messy takeout counter with no seating available. Majority of their business is delivery."
"Boba in a food court? Why isn't this more popular?!
Name is weird, apparently it's an attempt to highlight that they also serve nuts for snacking- boiled peanuts (regular and Cajun style), and some others, for $3/each (didn't ask for portion size) or 4/$10. Weird.

The drinks are good-sized, priced average: about $5/each.
They have boba and jellys to add to milk teas, smoothies, and milkshakes.

Tried a honeydew that was super fake-tasting with way too much artificial sweetener- almost tasted too tart, like it had Green Apple in it or something. 
The peach milk tea was solid- lighter flavor, not too sweet, good portion of boba that was nice and soft."
"You won't hear me use this word often, but this is a sexy gelato shop! Dark wood, cushy couches and rose-gold accents, plus friendly staff. Not to mention the overflowing heaps of sweet and savory gelato flavors! This place is filling the void for me since Desyree and Art of Flavors parted ways.

They feature 5 new flavors per week, posted by the menu. Elvis, The Fat Years (peanut butter gelato with fried brioche and banana jam) was better than expected, their famed Pear & Rhubarb was sweet and fresh, but my heart was stolen by the Poached Figs in Marsala! I can't even describe it, but it's a must-try. BF was hooked by a peanut butter-chocolate flavor and the coconut-lychee.

Highly recommend grabbing and sharing a two-scoop cup, low $5 price. Snag a meal before (or after) at Ribs & Burgers, another Australian company, and make it a party."
"I was in the area for work and stopped in for a salad- the space is literally a walkup counter with a couple of benches, definitely a takeout-only kind of space. There aren't any pics posted of the menu, and there wasn't one available for me to take, so for a basic overview, they have pizza, calzones, burgers, sandwiches, gyros, chicken fingers/wings, and a ton of apps (fries, fried mushrooms, jalapeno poppers, etc). 

Oh, and salads- three kinds. I opted for the grilled chicken, and there was ample protein and the portion was large. Priced at $9, the produce was super fresh, and there was a choice of three dressings. The house blue cheese tasted like a low-priced bulk-jar generic, but it was certainly one of the larger, fresher salads I've had at a run-down pizza joint.

Service was friendly and fast. Space doesn't have much ambiance. They have a 75-cent credit card charge. Prices are fairly low and portions across the board seem to be large, based on other orders I saw being picked up."
"Because even Vegans love dessert! Cinnaholic specializes in customizable cinnamon rolls- your choice of flavored icing and various toppings, on a huge classic roll or their miniature ""baby buns"". They also have cakes, brownies, and cookies (and raw dough), as well as fresh coffee available.

For my first visit, I went for a PBJ vibe with peanut butter frosting, fresh sliced strawberries, and chopped almonds- it was bomb. Staff aren't stingy with the toppings, either! I was a little surprised at the total cost, which was just shy of $7 but the portion was enough for two. Roll itself is large, gooey and the consistency was spot on. 

Each visit, staff are friendly and quick despite the line. I do wish they opened earlier- I suppose you can eat a cinnamon roll any time you like but they're more of a breakfast food and the 10AM opening is only feasible for most on weekends. At least they're located right by my gym!"
"Good prices, decent quality, oddly situated in a run-down strip mall between a CVS and a McDonalds- it's in the next lot down from Pop's Philly Cheesesteaks, if you have a hard time finding it.

Service is quick- I came in for takeout and it was ready to go in about ten minutes, and they were hustling in the kitchen. Dine-in area is small but they've made it nice. Prices are fair to low, with most apps $6-9 and a typical daily lunch special with rice, soup, and salad, for under $10.

CURRY PUFFS: Clearly made in house, with soft flaky dough twisted into small, precise crescents. They don't compare to the ones you can snag at the monthly monastery fundraiser across town, as they're a bit more subtle on the spice and lighter on flavor in general. Four-piece order is $7.
CHICKEN SATAY: App order comes with 6 sticks for $7, which is not a bad deal. Meat is pretty thin though, so don't think you can make a meal out of this. The peanut sauce was on the subtle side, and the cucumber sauce with red onions seemed more like a relish with a thin, clear sauce. Not bad, but not great.
TOM KHA SOUP: The large is $8, and you can pick your protein. No surcharge for shrimp over chicken, which is nice. I counted 7 shrimp in my order, and it was super filling. The broth was very milky, as though straight coconut milk was used throughout. Generous amount of onions, mushrooms, and tomatoes. I'll probably pop back by and get this again when it get colder out and I crave soup more often.

Most of the grab-and-go spots heading north on Decatur in this area tend to be Mexican food- Thai Pan offers a new option in the neighborhood. Hopefully the low prices and lack of competition in the area will help them stick around as they make some improvements."
"Nope. Came once and got horrible service and unremarkable food. Came back, and was again completely ignored by staff in this area. The SLS is involved in the Rock N Roll 5K event, and had several participants staying at their hotel. I came here prior to the run, and my BF stayed here while it was going on. 

Arrived to a fairly empty restaurant area, despite the busy casino floor and many race participants around- BF approached the bar to order a beer,  placed a bet at the counter, and watched a game. After being gone nearly an hour, I returned. BF stated he hadn't been able to order anything, because no one had come by. At all. In almost an hour.

We stuck around a little longer to see how a game ended, then went to another property to dine. This is now the second time we have tried to come here and apparently the staff do not have any interest in providing service. It's not due to lack of staff: there are plenty chatting away to one another. I have no idea how this place stays open."
"Sweet little French-inspired coffeeshop facing the street at Rainbow and Patrick! Interior is open and modern, with cute French-country-style décor touches. Bonus points for the bookshelf wall in the back, and I dig how they used room dividers to lend the tables a bit more privacy.

Coffee menu has all of your favorite staple drinks, I especially like how they have peppermint mocha available  instead of keeping it a seasonal special- I got it with soy milk. There's also a limited food menu of salads and sandwiches, most under the $10 mark. 

Props for opening so early (7AM!), and making the food fresh- unfortunately, the service was somewhat standoffish considering I was their only customer. My intention to pick up lunch on my way to work didn't work out, but I will be returning shortly to try one of their salads and hopefully adjust my rating upward . Pastry selection is limited, but they do offer macarons."
"Just like Joanna V, I am wondering where my previous review went. This spot is close to my work so I order through the Yelp app every so often. The wor won ton soup and various shrimp dishes haven't done me wrong yet, and everything is served piping hot and super fast. At one point they used to have more Hawaiian BBQ items on the menu. The sauces tend to be hit or miss, either very sugary or a touch too thin but overall it's a convenient Chinese takeout spot and pricing is fair."
"BF ordered delivery lunch from here earlier today- got a flier on our door earlier in the month and didn't want to cook or go out in public today.

Called in for the 12 piece medium wings with fries ($10) and the mushroom cheese steak ($7). Delivery seemed to take quite some time, but I didn't set a clock or anything.

Pricing was good, and delivery was brought to us by a Russian lady- kind of surprising, I'm so used to seeing guys doing delivery. 

Opened up our order and dug in.
Had mixed feelings about the wings: they were ordered medium and were crisp, but they were almost completely dry and while they had a good flavor to them, they didn't have sauce and were not spicy. They seemed to have forgotten to actually put sauce on the wings. Very odd.
The fries are steak-cut and dusted with seasoning, very tasty. All served with two cups of a dipping sauce- flavorful and delicious with an unexpectedly strong dill taste? Not sure if it was supposed to be a house-made ranch or what but it was good. Devoured it all.

The cheese steak was legit though- huge split roll piled with melted cheese and tons of mushrooms. Would order this again, and I'm not typically a cheese steak kind of girl. Great value for the cost.

Not sure if we'll order here again necessarily- if I'm  craving mushrooms the cheese steak might hit the spot, and I'm curious about their pizza, but the wings were disappointing."
"Surprised: Clean, new, upscale-looking fish taco place in a run down area. Limited menu with a variety of tostadas, tacos, burritos, and some lobster options. Served a shiny silver cup of complimentary seafood soup, tasty!

Confused: Despite the name, menu has a few tostadas but only two tacos, neither of which are actually fish tacos. Both contain shrimp? At least you get to specify your preference of corn or flour tortillas.

Impressed: The octopus tostada is beautiful! Gorgeous shreds of bright purple cabbage, plentiful chopped octopus, bright green avocado slices, and a drizzle of mojo mayo! Taste was fresh, not too acidic, large portion for the price.

Disappointed: The tacos, both shrimp, were just okay. One had grilled peppers and onions, the other had black beans and rice. Shrimp itself was bland. Considering tacos are their namesake dish, they need more of them on the menu and better flavor. For starters, grill your shrimp.

Satisfied (with service): Minor issue with billing, charged $5.50 for a taco listed as $3.50 on the menu. Pointed it out to friendly male server, who apologized and refunded the difference cash promptly. Check your receipt to be on the safe side."
"My expectations aren't too high for a juice kiosk at the airport, but I liked the smoothie here better than the one I got at Rachel's Kitchen (further down the terminal, with a higher overall rating).

As others have said, the unfortunate older Asian woman who runs this joint has absolutely no service skills. That said, the smoothies are made to order, a good price for the size, and have various add-ins available at a reasonable cost: superfood and kale each $1. Menu has quite a bit of variety, too."
"Lake Las Vegas itself is gorgeous, but except for the adjacent casino and golf course, this place is a ghost town. This shopping center has two restaurants, everything else is shuttered and abandoned storefronts. At least one of the restaurants is seafood-themed and has a mostly-lobster menu. Considering how dead this place is, I wouldn't trust the freshness of the food.

 Even if there was anything here worth visiting, the parking is limited to about ten spaces behind the casino- not even sure it's public parking but we lucked out and found a spot. I was disappointed that there's no actual way to access the water without purchasing a boat of some sort from the marina. On the bright side, it's a nicely maintained, Tuscan-inspired, upscale-looking area, and there are benches for seating to watch the lake... but there's zero going on here."
"The delicious fresh grilled chicken you know and crave from the Sahara location now has another new location! Staff is friendly and they do online ordering and delivery. 

Menu of chicken and ribs, salads,  wraps,  wings, and hot and cold sides is the same as usual.  The only difference really is the bigger and cleaner space.

My favorite is the three piece chicken with two sides,  but I never can make up my mind about which sides because they're all good. Unfortunately, my first visit here, they forgot one of the two sides I ordered."
"""Mediterranean"" market with a halal butcher counter and a small dine-in area offering up falafel, kabob, and shwarma plates and sandwiches. Store itself isn't much: the other Euro markets have better selection and organization, and the only thing making this ""Mediterranean"" is their selection of baklava, olives, and olive oil. But all of their products can be found elsewhere in town, and their produce is less than fresh.
But the halal butcher is fairly unique: $27 for a giant lamb shank to be turned into a stew? Totally doable here.

Dine-in counter has a few basic tables and chairs but most orders seem to be for takeout. As advertised on a banner on building exterior, they have a chicken shwarma sandwich for $4.99. What the banner doesn't tell you is that it's a giant wrap with an amazing garlic sauce. That garlic sauce makes it, and it's what I miss from my favorite Med place in Texas. I'll come back for that, repeatedly!

Another score on the menu is the beef filet mignon kabobs: priced at a $12 plate for a good portion of tender, flavorful beef on a bed of yellow rice, with sides of marinated veggies and creamy hummus. Hummus was good, and is on the sides menu for about $5/portion along with babaghanoush and tabouli.

Come for the chicken shwarma wrap and the filet, but not much else. Do your grocery shopping elsewhere, grab your dinner to go. Counter service doesn't really speak English, so just know the number of the meal you're ordering."
"Fish and chips, darts, and scotch eggs. On Spring Mountain, no less!
The fish and chips are decent, though I find the breading itself a little on the thick side- easy to pick off though, and has the right texture without being overly greasy. Thick pieces of fresh cod are used.
Chips are steak-cut and plentiful, but lack seasoning. Easily amended with malt vinegar, also available in packets if you order to go. Side of peas is not my thing.

Service is friendly, bar itself offers Wednesday special for medical professionals called ""Scrub Night""- first drink is free with medical ID or coming dressed in scrubs."
"Acai bowls are one of my go-to summer foods when it's so hot outside that heated food sounds straight up unappealing. As a bonus, this chain now also offers poke bowls too. However, their consistency is lacking and prices are high.

POKE: I won't order these here any more due to their poor value. Barely any fish, many toppings and ingredients out of stock, overpriced for what you get. I like that they have poke bowls available but unless they're going to do them well, there's no point.

ACAI: Some days there's a ton of fruit topping, other times there's barely any. Sometimes the acai flavor is strong and fresh, other times the mix is pale and bland. I don't know if it's a product issue or a training issue but I can't order the same thing twice and receive the same product. Same issues with pricing as above, overpriced for what you get. 

Overall, I like the variety of the menu and the ability to grab a ""healthy"" lunch on the go when working nearby but I will really only stop here out of convenience due to consistency and pricing issues."
"Do you love boba? What about Star Wars? Come on down! 
Don't get the connection? Come find out.

Chris V put this spot on my radar by saying this was the only place (so far) to offer both sea salt cream and mini boba- and they do both exceptionally well. I daresay I enjoyed their sea salt coffee better than that other spot in town!

Macarons are the only edible currently available outside of various beverages- shipped in and refrigerated, not made on site, haven't tried them myself to make a judgement but they're cute enough to mention.

I love the logo and product enough to be tempted to buy a company t-shirt on my first visit- you will be too!"
"I love grilled chicken as much as the next finger lickin' chick, but man- the execution here is somehow worse than most other locations I've been to, to the extent that I'll go out of my way (or flat out elsewhere) rather than deal with it.

If you use the drive-thru, regardless of what time of day it is, expect about a 10 minute wait. ""But this is fresh, delicious grilled chicken!"", you say. Well, if I can see through the window that they don't even start making my order until my card has been processed and I've been waiting a few minutes, I'm not thrilled.

Also, this location in particular has repeatedly gouged me on little things: chips and guac order is only half-full and chips are stale, ask and double-check for cilantro sauce and still don't receive it without going in and asking a third time, torn corn tortillas, and tortilla soup that is 80% broth and corn.

Somehow I still find myself giving them a chance every few months, and their chicken is good- but not enough to make up for half-assing my order each time."
"Small breakfast and lunch spot open in the same space as Isabela's, nestled into the neighborhood surrounding Lake Jacqueline. You can order from both menus, but Republic seems to be strictly takeout and front-porch seating. 

Menu features a variety of fresh pastries, traditional breakfast offerings, and various salads, sandwiches, and sliders. I particularly enjoyed the grilled ahi tuna salad, with olives, anchovies, egg, and roasted tomatoes. For a $9 salad, the variety of toppings is plentiful but a little on the salty side, could use more greens to balance out. 

Service is walk-up, pay before you seat yourself. Food was slow to come out on both of my visits, but the al fresco seating is peaceful. Hours are limited, closing at 2PM- would love to see them extend to three, as I work nearby but can't make it by on weekdays for lunch before they close."
"Things have changed from my previous visit- and not in a good way. The décor and atmosphere are (still) offputting, service (remains) dismal, and management was unprofessional, but we remembered the food was good... Well, not any more.

Came in late at night, again to blasting music and flashing lights. It's telling that every single one of their customers opted to sit outside on the patio. I noticed that the regulars weren't ordering any food. Menu has added American and Mexican food options like burgers, nachos, and burritos. I understand that they're trying to pull in more business, but it brings to mind the ""jack of all trades, master of none"" phrase.

We ordered four dishes: cabbage pirozky, vinaigrette, julien, and the Olivier we fondly remembered from last time. The pirozky were the only item that were okay, and they were not made in house. The vinaigrette tasted like a basic salad of pickled vegetables. There was minimal beet in a dish that is supposed to be beet-based. The julien looked like a soup in the menu photo but what we received was like a personal pizza, topped with mozzarella and mushrooms. It's hard to find those flavors unappealing, but that is NOT julien. They apparently cannot make the dishes on their menu.
As for the Olivier? It was flat-out disgusting. It looked congealed, as if it had been sitting out, exposed to air, for hours. Flavor was completely off and just bad. We took one bite, and immediately asked for the bill.

As for the service? Our server was a very sweet lady. But she knows nothing about Russian food. We voiced our concerns and she reported back to the kitchen and owner, but no one ever came out to speak with us. Our basic order took 40 minutes, and we were the only table ordering and most of the dishes were premade. To top it off, a group of regulars brought in a blow up doll in with them. Classy vibe here, clearly."
"Trader Joe's is a typical Cali-influenced grocery store. I fell in love with them on the West Coast, then found myself going less and less when we got locations back in my hometown in Texas. Now I barely go, but when I do it's for specific TJ items!

For starters, I love their floral section by the entry- they usually have good pricing. Today was no exception; tulip bouquets for $3? Score! Need to keep this place in mind when I need flowers.

Produce can be very hit or miss, I find them to be pretty overpriced.
Frozen section has a lot of scores for people who don't really know how to cook, or who want some help for their side dishes: their chicken potstickers are a steal at $3/bag, and they're super easy to heat and eat. They also have a chicken gorgonzola dish that is pretty bomb.

Recently they've added a fresh juice section- today I grabbed a bottle of carrot juice, also available in organic for about a buck more. I may have to go back and stock up.

Lots of snackable foods in the rest of the store, from cracker-cut cheeses and goat cheese samplers in dairy, to more varieties of tortilla and pita chips than you can shake a stick at (including the pumpkin seed and cranberry variety that I love!). Refrigerated cases have just about every hummus under the sun (eggplant is my favorite), and of course there's the wine section as well.

TJ's three buck Chuck in the Cab is good, but I don't think I've ever gone wrong blindly picking from the aisles either. There's a sparkling red that's good too, I think it's by Romano vinyards? No clue, but it's delish and $5, which might narrow down your search. It has a champagne-type cork and is on the last aisle by the chips.

Service is stellar, too. Crew members are stocking shelves and stopping to answer questions without seeming bothered, cashiers open up as soon as they notice a line, and they're without a doubt the friendliest (and best-compensated, in terms of pay and benefits) grocery workers I've encountered compared to any other chain.

Side note, I still haven't tried the cookie butter, but the regular, crunchy, and cocoa were all in stock this afternoon."
"I go out of my way to fill up at this specific gas station- it's not the lowest price in town (as advertised), but they are consistently lower than anywhere else on the West side without requiring me to hit up an ATM for cash.

Interior is small, selection is limited- grab a coffee at Desert Wind in the same plaza instead of the burned-tasting sludge I had here recently. Service is friendly, lot is always clean."
"Awesome and beautiful plant nursery with helpful and friendly staff! BF recently picked up a gift for me, and was helped by a guy who listened to what he was looking for and what light our porch received, and was able to recommend several different plants that would suit our environment and needs. 

Ultimately we ended up with a  colorbowl, a terra-cotta looking bowl-shaped planter with five different smaller blooming plants inside of it, including african daisies and red peonies. The planter itself can be resused once the current plants die, and new plants can be purchased to put in their place. Employee sent us home with clear directions for the watering and sunlight requirements of the plants, and was friendly and helpful throughout the visit.

The property itself is gorgeous as well, and worth a visit just to browse around and enjoy."
"3.5 stars: didn't try the pizza here, but instead stuck to a takeout order of the famed sliders. That the staff didn't even mind me customizing my order to have two meatball and two shrimp, and they didn't charge a substitution fee either.

Placed order by phone, was ready when I walked in, paid and was out the door. Cashier made chitchat while running my card and wished me a good day before pouncing on a ringing phone- good multitasking skills.

Meatball sliders were tasty, but a bit heavy for me- hence the need to change up the other half of my order. The shrimp sliders were actually pretty genius, they're not something you see often and they were actually very well done. Shrimp is lightly breaded, sauce is a slightly spicier diavola, and the garlicky taste of the shrimp is complemented by the garlic knot of the slider. It's garlic mania up in there. Fries were soggy and cold though. 

Will have to come back to try the pizza- I don't buy whole pizzas because I have self control issues and would eat the entire thing, but rumor has it they sell by the slice for weekday lunch specials. Now if only I had a weekday off that wasn't due to being sick..."
"I'm always happy to have a new Mediterranean dining option, and when I heard Two Bald Bros moved into the downtown area, I headed over pretty quick. Menu has pita sandwiches, plates, and a few specialty dishes like their shakshuka. Unfortunately, a recent change in hours means that you can only get your fix on weekdays before 6PM. Kind of a bummer, hopefully not a harbinger of closure.

FIRST VISIT: Came in to signage hyping their falafel, opted for the wrap. This was rolled up taco style and served with a tasteless tahini. If they included hummus, I couldn't tell because there either wasn't much of it or that too lacked seasoning of any sort. The portion size was large but I prefer the more classic smaller, stuffed pita sandwich as this one didn't hold up well and resulted in a mess. Falafel was pretty good though, nicely crisp on the outside with a soft interior. Adding options for a spicy sauce, red cabbage, and pickled veggies would make this really pop.

I saved this as a draft and planned to return for their shakshuka for my second visit before posting a review. unfortunately, the business closed before I could make the weekday only hours fit my schedule. You really can't limit your business that much and survive in DTLV."
"I have been patiently biding my time to see this show since I first heard about it from John O at the Yelp Pizza Rock event-- TWO months ago. My patience finally paid off and I lucked into free passes earlier this week.

So, let's just start off with the obvious: I'm giving it four stars. That's big, for me, I don't toss out stars haphazardly, but I'd go see this again if the opportunity presented itself.
That being said, I don't really know where to start describing this.

If you have kids, you might be thinking you can bring them to this show- and you'd be right, it's fascinating, but there are a few mildly scary parts. But it's so much more than just panda bears: there are elements of pole dancing, spinning plates, tumbling, acrobatics, martial arts, and even some illusions thrown in for good measure.

The show starts off innocently enough, with the borderline-creepy pandas happy in the bamboo forest, then the adventure starts and the plot of our story begins: it's a love story and the panda must save his true love. Who is a gorgeous and talented woman who is dressed like a swan for most of the play. I don't get it, but roll with it.

The epic odyssey introduces us to monkeys and warriors who teach Panda how to fight so that he can rescue her. But along the way, there is gorgeous scenery, silly moments, and some downright jaw-dropping stunts. It's gorgeous, and the animated high-def backdrop alternately adds to the drama as well as nearly distracts from it- it's innovative, that's for sure.

I especially loved the disposition of the modern technology involved in making the show come together so well (lighting, sound, that backdrop!) with so many traditional dance and entertainment styles on stage- this is definitely not something you can find anywhere else in Vegas.

My middle orchestra seats were about $100/each, so it's a bit pricey, but it's one I would say is worth the splurge- be sure to try to get some pics with the cast before or after the show!"
"Busy theater within the Palms- easy to find, just off of the food court which is just inside the door from the parking lot. It kind of blows my mind that they have so many screens here, because it doesn't seem to be that large of a space. The theaters are surprisingly large, considering they look spaced so close together.

Prices are average to high- think $8 matinee during the week, though I saw a sign that all movies, all day, are $5 on Mondays. Adding on 3D, IMAX, or any of that practically doubles the ticket price.  Staff was friendly- box office register was helpful, concession staff are inept. 

Seats are comfortable and the auditoriums are typically busy but not overcrowded, but I wish the bathrooms were more conveniently located so that you didn't have to walk all the way out of the theater area."
"Dismal. Stopped here to check out furniture, since we just moved to the area. I've bought furniture at thrift stores before, both SA and Goodwill, and have had good experiences. Sadly this place was not really one of them.

Selection here was very limited for a place that advertised being a furniture superstore, and everything was both super outdated and overpriced, as well as a little dirty. Maybe other locations are better, but this one was very underwhelming.

We wandered the furniture section for a few minutes but were never greeted or helped in any way. Even the guy working the register by the front door looked like he'd rather be anywhere but there. Not a good sign."
"The Graduate Hotel is perhaps one of my places to stay! The dorm theme and mid century decor are such a throwback, and all the little decorative touches really make this place fun. I recommend coming in the spring or summer to take advantage of the pool and rooftop bar!

PROS:
+ Convenient location right by ASU campus, easily accessible and close to a lot of different shops and restaurants.
+ Super reasonable pricing at around $70/night when we visited over the holidays.
+ Totally fell in love with the dorm aesthetic, complete with student ID room cards and teensy rooms with furnishings that are both fun and functional! The cool branding really is as noteworthy as the design.
+ $5/day dining credit to use on site if you forego housekeeping services!

CONS:
- Charging guests $6/day parking is a BS move. The lots were never even close to full and diners who visit the on-site restaurants don't pay. Never saw any sort of security, not sure why this fee is charged or how it's enforced but it left a bad taste in my mouth. In retrospect, I should have disputed this with management.
- Several reviews mention that the convenient in-lamp outlets do not charge devices at night. I realize replacing them would be a little ridiculous, but considering it's a known issue, guests should at least be informed about it to plan accordingly to use another outlet (ie bathroom counter)."
"Recently welcoming local favorite Chef Beni into the kitchen, E&H is on the shores of Lake Las Vegas- a relatively close dining option for Henderson residents, if a bit out of the way for others. I was at the lake for a SUP event with Neli T and Cathey K, and we came in for a late dinner.

TORTILLA ESPANOLA: Served as an apertif as we were seated, this is similar to an omelet, and was plated in a romesco sauce. Interesting.
TOSTONES: Free with Yelp check in, these are mashed and fried plantains. I've had these elsewhere and they were salty, here they didn't have much flavor but were nicely crisped and served with two dipping sauces, a spicy ketchup and a ""mojo citrus garlic dip"" that didn't have much flavor to me.
LATIN CANGREJO: This was their take on a crab cake, with a lime sweet chili sauce. Pretty decent, but for the $15 price tag could have used a third patty instead of just two.
GRILLED FISH TACO: I'm not sure if these are usually served DIY style or if it's just because our server said the order comes with two and we were a party of three, but this was a bit odd. The mahi was decent, and I liked the salsa and slaw, but the tortillas were falling apart. We didn't finish this order.
YUCCA FRIES: Nice presentation, served with the garlic aioli and spicy ketchup, didn't see the spanish sherry vinegar the menu mentions. I like this dish and I'm glad they have it, worth a try if you haven't had yucca before.
SWEET PLATANOS: This was Neli's pick, she's the sweet tooth in our group. She seemed to enjoy the order, served in a pomegranate honey glaze and accented with fundido cheese. This was too sweet for me, personally, but I liked the soft texture.
CUBANO PANINI: Menu says this is served with fries or a salad, but I think we were able to get a tapas version. Nicely crisped, comforting combination of flavors.
LATIN LANGOSTA ROLL: A pair of mini rolls, served on sweet bread. The seafood salad mix was lightly seasoned and very fresh, glad we got this.
GARLIC PRAWN: One of my favorite dishes of the night, featuring four large shrimp in a garlic-saffron sherry sauce with piquillo peppers and crostini. I really liked this.
VELAZQUEZ FIRE & ICE LOBSTER: Best dish of the night! Generous portion of fresh lobster served in a warm saffron fish broth with creamy coconut sauce, sofrito sauce, and jalapeno ginger. This came together as a lobster curry, had a nice heat and a balanced flavor, would totally get this again.

Prices were generally pretty fair, and our total before tip came to about $100. Their online menu states that they have a tapa banquet dinner available for about $30/pp with six tapas, salads, and a dessert. Although our price came out to about the same amount, I like that we were able to try a lot of different things.

I didn't catch our server's name but she was very friendly, and the food came out quickly. We didn't realize until after we'd been seated that they close (relatively) early, at 9:30PM on a Saturday. Despite our late arrival, staff were happy to help us and we did not feel at all rushed. Location is nicely done up in a red and black color scheme with a large bar area and plenty of patio seating overlooking the lake. I hope they get enough business to stay open, as this is not a heavily-trafficked area of town."
"Chevy's is fresh-Mex, not Tex-Mex, don't get it twisted. I was a fan of this chain when I lived in CA, and am glad we have a location in town- it's probably a good thing that it's far away from me, because I'd come in and eat their chips and salsa way too often if they were closer.

The combo plates are my usual go-to, the five piece is even enough for me and my guy to share- sometimes we add on the tortilla soup. The cheese enchiladas with meat sauce and their tamales are great options, and my BF always hogs the crispy tacos and chile relleno. 

We recently came in with a group, and our server was great about getting our orders out quickly, constantly refilling the chips and salsa, and making sure we had everything we needed. She was really nice, too. Location is going for a cantina atmosphere but seems a little too dark to me. Easy exterior entrance and outdoor dining area are bonuses."
"Decent shopping plaza- more dining and entertainment than anything else here, though. Few shopping places, but I do appreciate that one of the options is a consignment/resale store with decent selection and good prices/sales.
There's also an Orange Gym in the area, too, though I have yet to check it out.

This plaza is perfect for a date- coffee at Avery's before or after your movie, have a meal at Archi's for thai, Buldogi's for gourmet hotdogs, Bachi for fusion burgers, or hit up Happy Hours at Chicago Brewing Company or Settebello. And then there's also Lollibee for halo halo or a small bakery for some other form of dessert.

Spacious plaza has tons of smaller businesses and most are local instead of chains. Also appreciate the landscaping in the area too, keeping things looking upscale. Even though it's located at a busy intersection, these shops are set back from the street so there isn't a danger to pedestrians or too much traffic noise/pollution."
"Decent diner-style food: large portions, small prices, not much in the way of healthy options. Be extra careful ordering takeout, they take your card number (who knows how safe it is) and may or may not actually make your order correctly despite ringing you up and charging you correctly.

I'm not a fan of breakfast foods but they have a lot of diversity here: crepes, eggs, pancakes, waffles, omelets, and skillets galore. Add in lunch and dinner salads, sandwiches, wraps, burgers, soups, and entrees. They recently added appetizers, also priced surprisingly well: 12 boneless wings for $6, onion rings $4, etc.

Staff is mostly friendly here: they almost seem overstaffed when I go with multiple people behind the counter but only a few taking tables. Waitresses are amazingly sweet and will probably call you some variation of hon or honey throughout your visit.

Meatloaf is surprisingly good, chili tastes canned and gross, salads are surprisingly large and fresh, daily dinner specials are generally a good value."
"Love this chain of ""bars""- this one is located just inside the Rio. Literally, you walk in the front entrance, and it's on your right. Make your selection of about ten different flavors of alcoholic slushies, then pick your cup size, and you're good to go. 
Frozen jack and coke is tasty, but the raspberry lemonade is good for strolling around outside too. Extra shots available for $1 to $2, but may not be necessary. Keep your cup for cheaper refills. Personally I found the large party bottles obnoxious and embarrassing, so I'd stick to the 22 oz cups- they're still refillable, and they change colors with the temperature of the drink.

Location is clean and well kept, usually only one person working but they are quick, polite, and friendly.  This was my drinking place of choice during my stay at the Rio- just wish I'd tried it sooner, rather than waiting til halfway through our stay!"
"Solid HH specials and fresh fish. This place is convenient to my work and offers 20% off with a ticket stub from the nearby theater. Can see this working for a meetup with friends or an early date night thing. Regular prices aren't bad but if you're coming for sushi, I wouldn't come outside of HH as most rolls are half off then and portions are fair.

HITS:
Hamachi shooters- not sure how I'm supposed to eat this but flavors are good.
Garlic chicken- so fresh, so flavorful! Good with a Sapporo.
Rolls- 808 special, Victorino, and Banzai Pipline in order of preference.

MISS:
Fish tacos. It's just $2 and two bites, but was virtually tasteless compared to the other items. Missing something, needs a sauce or something acidic besides a squirt of lime juice. 

Drink menu also offers several creative fusion options including sake mojitos, martinis, and sangrias, available individually or by the pitcher."
"Smothered pork chops, super sweet service, and complimentary sweet cornbread pancakes?
Okay, you have my attention!

Drove past this place several times and couldn't tell if they were open- found favorable reviews on Yelp and headed in the very next day with the BF. We were immediately welcomed by two lovely ladies who were super friendly throughout our visit- though sadly their names escape me.

I ordered the half order of smothered pork chops with sides of mac and greens, while BF went for their chicken and waffles. While our order was being made, we received the famous sweet cornbread pancakes- and sweet they are! Warm and tasty, but yes, super sweet- as is the muddy waters beverage my guy was drinking.

Orders came in, hot in fresh out the kitchen...
The chops are amazing. Second only to a fabulous place in Texas, but they're not kidding about that ""world famous gravy""- it's downright decadent. Cant even find words to describe the flavor, but it's amazing. The chop was a good size and cooked well, too. Mac was a little on the dry side, and the greens were way too salty for our tastes- they may have been canned? In the future I'd just opt for two chops a la carte, but I'm a total glutton...

BF had the chicken and waffles and raved about them- I took a bite and the waffle was super sweet, and tasted like it was made with brown sugar. Yum, but too sweet for me, let alone for an entree. The chicken was good too- very crispy. BF says is the best chicken he's had in a damn long while. And he knows his chicken.

Would come back again, likely sticking to the chops for me. They also have a breakfast menu til 11AM- might have to check that out. I didn't see shrimp and grits on their menu, but if they ever offer it as a special I'd get my butt down there in a hurry!"
"I guess they're a specialty pharmacy, whatever that means. I'd compare it to a pharmacy located in a casino that emphasizes natural remedies, and priced similarly.
 
They carry a ""neighborhood pharmacy"" house brand as their version of a generic, as well as several name-brand pharmacy products (Tampax tampons, Crest toothpaste, etc.) with predictably over-inflated prices (think fifty cents per tampon). Their supplements and vitamins section is extensive, but it seems like you have to go in knowing what you want, as there weren't any staff available to answer my questions. Space is clean and organized but I really didn't see anything here that I can't get at other similar shops for less.

Props for having a ""wellness cafe"" in the lobby (separate review), and a $10 off Yelp check-in offer for prescriptions: not sure of the fine print as to how that relates to insurance. Not clear whether they still offer delivery, as older reviews mention."
"Decent enough froyo. The roadside signage is so nondescript that I drive past this place daily on my way to and from work and have never noticed it. The location itself, once you turn into the plaza, is hidden from the street because it is behind another building. Problematic, but alleviated with good advertising.

Went in and there was another solo chick leaving with her cup of dessert. Layout of store is a little odd: cups and toppings by door, then yogurt dispensers, followed by more toppings and the register, where you are finally addressed by an employee.

Opted to mixed a few flavors: the cookies and cream was on the bland side, but the Tahitian vanilla and dark chocolate were both very good. For toppings, I added strawberries (not many left), cherries, and a sprinkle of peanuts for crunch. Topping selection overall seems to be on the slim side, though I can't tell you what they were missing.

Service was polite. TVs inside were tuned to SportsCenter and the Spurs game. Now that this place is on my radar, it's the closest froyo to home. Will likely be stopping by on my way home from bad days at work."
"Your average every-day 7-Eleven convenience store with gas pumps.. and super friendly staff!
Came by on my way to a World Cup party to snag some beer, and found a 12 pack of Newcastle with a great price: $12.49, barely over a buck a bottle. Damn good!
Plunked it down at the register.

Was helped by a friendly guy who chatted with me about this great beer. When I mentioned the great price, he said, ""Oh, no, that's not a great price."" I was stunned for a second, where has he seen it better? Is he referring to wholesale?

And then, he did something miraculous.
He took out a coupon from behind the register, swiped it, and showed me: $4 off my precious Newcastle! Making my beverage of choice for the Argentina game an absolute steal at just under $10 with tax. 

And yes, we won the game, too."
"Worst doctor's office experience in recent memory. This location is part quick care center and part worker's comp/employment testing center, with separate entrances and wait room but shared staff. Employees were all friendly enough, there just weren't enough of them and they weren't well informed.

Went in for a battery of testing that requires an actual doctor to sign off on (not a PA), and in the middle of flu season, they only had one doctor on site and estimated a 3 hour wait yup see him specifically. Once you've signed in, you can't leave. Wait time was also compounded by staff being unable to retrieve electronic documents, requiring an actual fax in this day and age. One test required us to leave the location (against policy?) to purchase a respiratory mask because they don't provide them- would've been helpful to know beforehand. It took nearly 5 hours to get the testing done, which is unacceptable. And they don't take appointments, which is ridiculous and would allow them to staff up according to demand."
"Expectations aren't too high for a 24 hour Subway within a casino, but perhaps if the employees weren't male and facing the screens of the sports book, service would be more attentive.

Visited this weekend while a major game was playing, wanting to grab a pizza- Subway pizza is delicious, try one if you haven't already.

Employee was polite but incredibly slow. Between carrying on a conversation with his coworker and staring at the game screen, the guy barely had the capacity left to focus on making my order. It was simple, too.

Received it finally, hot and delicious. Only complaint is that veggies were not chopped up prior to adding to the pizza- other locations have cut them into smaller pieces, as for the salads, before baking, but not here. Giant pieces of pepper and onion tore up the cheese as I ate my individual pieces."
"Fairly underwhelming- got here at 4PM on opening day for the warehouse sale and my experience wasn't quite as disastrous as the other two reviews currently listed.

Line was quick and painless, but selection was lackluster- sizes over 9 had wedges and prints, sizes under 6 did, too. 8s or 8.5s? Lucky if you can find glitter slip ons.
Thought about sticking around, as they kept bringing out fresh loads of shoes, but they all seemed to be standard solid slip ons.

Admittedly, my experience with the brand is minimal- friends adore them and I tried to steal a pair from my sister because I didn't feel they were worth the pricetag. Got two pairs (grey classic and black glitter) of slip ons, $22 each, for a grand total just south of $50. Saw many people running around with bags of five to ten pairs, don't know why anyone would buy so many- they're not that great, color variety isn't that impressive, and they're just not that amazing.

Was a little underwhelmed by their much-hyped ""party atmosphere"", encouraging people to stick around for family fun, games, music, and food. Saw one food truck and that was it.

Lines were fast, staff were mostly polite (unless they were stockers, who were stoic bordering on rude- probably to prevent requests/inquiries). Would visit first day next year (assuming this is annual?) but don't hold your breath expecting shoe-heaven here."
"It's a little difficult to find this location if you're not a Palazzo guest- if you are, it's right where you come down to the casino floor, or use Chris V's review directions. This seems to be the designated one-stop-spot for those staying on site, with requisite beverages and grab-and-go food, as well as a selection of snacks and even wine by the bottle.

Came in for a quick coffee. Good selection of breakfast and lunch dishes in the case, staff offered to heat up items as needed. Coffee menu has hot and cold beverages, went with barista's recommendation for a cold espresso drink- not sure what it was, but had a lot of foam and was very sweet, which wasn't what I asked for but was still actually pretty good.

Service is quick, prices were reasonable (for a casino), there are tables in the nearby lobby area if you want to eat on site. Drink station was messy considering they were between rushes and didn't have much business."
"Gorgeous  country club- I don't claim to be ""in the know"" but when they have league tennis tournaments here, it's great. Stadium seating, plenty of palms, good visibility, and tons of tables and chairs.

Refreshments available in the store, along with various workout gear. Gym access is pricey but limited, so I wouldn't go here for just that- but they do now have a separate studio for dance classes. Didn't see a posted schedule though."
"I'm just as thrilled as the next person to find a Mexican restaurant that uses organic, non-GMO, sustainable products. I also really dig the nice interior and massive tequila selection. Their house red sangria is tasty, and the margs are strong.

But I was unexpectedly underwhelmed by the actual food. So much so that I don't clearly remember what I ate. I recall a great tableside guac. The taquitos were fine, nothing to write home about. The burrito I tried (pulled chicken, maybe?) was bland and dry. The tres leches cake was awesome, and I'm not usually a fan in the first place. I know I tried several other items, but I can't remember them.

Pricing is a bit high for Mexican food and for the location, but obviously the organic, non-GMO, etc ingredients cost a premium. Given all the amazing five-star reviews, I have to wonder if I came on an off night or just ordered the wrong items? Will likely end up returning to try the chile relleno and a seafood or salad dish."
"Spicy garlic parmesan wings are where it's at, bros and hos.
I stopped by here after missing my work's Happy Hour on Friday afternoon, thinking I'd take HH home to the BF. I've been to a few other places in this food court and remembered this place- site indicates that they have 40 flavors of sauce, so I thought they'd be a good option.

In short, guys, I was blown away. Menu offers 6 wings for $5, so naturally I went hog wild and got three orders- for research purposes, you understand. Gotta make sure this review is thorough.

The spicy garlic parm were amazing. I love garlic, I love parm, and I love spice- but usually garlic parm wings are dry, bland, and/or underwhelming, but never spicy. Here, they actually ARE! And the excess cheese crumbles in the dish are delicious too. This was the favorite flavor by far.

Next up was spicy mesquite barbeque- I'm a Texas girl, and Mesquite BBQ is a Texas thing. This flavor took me back home, in a good way. Warm heat, got the spices right. 

Jamaican Jerk Barbeque was recommended to me by the cashier as her favorite- and they were excellent. Extra saucy, warm heat and a lot of flavor. Not as good as the garlic parm, but still good- and an option you won't find too many places.

I'll def be going back to try more flavors, and perhaps buy stock in the spicy garlic parm. Menu also boasts ""pig wings"" which are actually mini hams? Doesn't sound appealing to me at all, but they're the only place in the state that offers them so that means I'll get around to trying them sooner or later.

Side note on the service; as a note says by the front counter, this is not a fast food place. Your order is made WHEN you order, so expect a wait. Mine took a reasonable 15 minutes, and I was pleased with the product. I prefer fresh food even if a wait is required though I understand some might be on a time crunch and assume the food-court location is going to be quick. Definitely recommend calling ahead to order, which they encourage!
Service was provided by a couple with dreadlocks- super sweet and friendly, really felt as though my business was appreciated."
"A little underwhelmed by the much-hyped Chicken Tikka Masala. Ordered take out, added on the garlic naan and galub jamon. Specified a spice level of 5/10 for my 'tikka and order was out in 10 minutes flat, with a large side of basmati rice.

Chicken tikka masala was a good size for the $13 price tag, which included the rice. Garlic naan was worth the upcharge: delicious, soft, and flavorful, with a garlic scent that wafted through my car as I drove home. 

My disappointment came when I finally tried my entree. For a spice level of 5, I tasted absolutely no spice. And the sauce had a sweetness to it that I am not familiar with. It wasn't necessarily bad, but the dish didn't have the kick to it I was craving. 
Chicken in dish was in large chunks, sauce was a smidge on the thin side.

Based on other reviews, I'm going to have to come back for the lunch buffet and reevaluate."
"Grooming and training stations available here, plenty of pet food and toys, but not too many animals. I will say that the fish selection seemed really good- but I don't currently have an aquarium. Had hoped to see some pups or bunnies but only really saw lizards and guinea pigs.

The real purpose of my visit was to get a new litter box though.
Had gone by a few grocery stores but didn't see any, came here and found a few unique options- the Litter Dome especially looked cool, however I have a three legged cat who is fat and clumsy, and the options available here all seemed to have small doors. I worried my cat would get stuck or be unable to use it, and I'm not entirely sure how or if you can return a used litter box.

Figured it better not to risk it here. Pricing was a little high for my liking too, but if you're in the market for a $50-$100+ box for your pet to poop, come on down! The self-cleaning ones look pretty fancy, but the refill cartridges and bags and other accessories, as well as the potential for small parts to break, discouraged me from purchasing such an option.

Not greeted, approached, addressed, or offered help by any associates during our visit."
"Thanksgiving sandwich, AKA the Bobbie, is amazing: turkey day leftovers on a bun, taste totally hits the spot even when the holiday is months off. 

Service is quick and friendly, sandwich is made where you can see it. They seem to thrive in the location due to the nearby college. Add in that their sandwiches are well-priced: the small clocks in at just under $7.50.

Criticisms: 
This location closes at 8PM, which makes sense if their only business is the college crowd but living nearby, I can't go nearly as often as I would if they were open a bit later.
Chain's sandwiches start at a small, clocking in at 9"". For the Bobbie, that's nearly 1000 calories, total overkill. Wish they had a size smaller than small, like a half-size called a mini. I only eat half at a time, anyway."
"Chef Oscar Sanchez is the King of Paella! The Valencia is packed with saffron-seasoned rice, many mussels and chunks of chicken, imported chorizo, fragrant garlic shrimp, and a savory sauce. The giant skillet meant to feed two was more than enough for three of us to share and the 30 minute wait went quickly. Request it a bit more done if you enjoy the crispy socarrat bottom, and pair this with the amazing Spanish emapanadas packed with unctuous stewed beef. It's an incredible meal we won't soon forget.

HEADS UP: If you're even remotely interested in this divine dish, get your ass to Aroma ASAP- they're closing at the end of the month and returning to a catering-only business. Oscar's paella will still be available by special order for delivery to your home or event, but call in advance as he books up fast for holidays."
"Limited selection, nonexistent service. I've experienced better at other bakeries in the Spring Mountain area, and with better prices.

Came in the moring after a holiday and selection was bare-bones: one or two of most items, all savory items completely out. I didn't see any pork buns, but any item listed with hotdog, ""pizza"", or green onion was not on display- selection heavily favors sweets. But even so, there were one or two of each roll cake on display, one peanutbutter pastry, and one pack of garlic bread slices. No egg tarts, cheese buns, or anything else I was hoping to try. 

Given the limited stock out, I couldn't tell if I'd somehow come too late or if they were just a little late getting items out- but after wandering around for a few minutes and making my selections, no one came out to help me or cash me out. 

According to the menu, they also offer coffee and smoothies, as well as whole cakes in the display case at the front. Prices are a bit higher (by $1-2) for the same items at bakeries further up the street.

Finally was able to purchase a few items, none of which tasted fresh, didn't finish any of them. Mochi bun was a fun option, but the items I was most interested to try were out of stock or somehow not being made that day."
"Stopped in for a specific game today. Staff determined that they didn't have it but were able to locate a similar title at a nearby location at Rainbow and Spring Mountain, and had them hold it until I could pick it up.

Location is dated and messy but packed with stock, and there was a fairly steady stream of customers for a Sunday afternoon."
"If it has Pikachu or Hello Kitty on it, you'll probably find it here. There's more to this spot than that though (and green tea Kit Kats)-  this spot is decently sized but packed with Japanese import products from condiments and beverages to painted plates and chopstick sets. And that's just in the first aisle!

Predictably, a lot of their stock has some relation to anime series or characters, such as beach towels, shirts, action figures, and car decals, but HK by far has the biggest dedicated section. If you know a fan with a birthday coming up, you're sure to find them something they don't have. Can I suggest car license plate screw covers with her likeness? Easily one of the more obscure things I found.

Great little spot to browse around, whether or not you think you'll buy anything. Because you don't really need a reason to buy soft green-tea-flavored Oreos or erasers that look like sushi. The world needs more cuteness. Start here."
"This is the actual location where my boyfriend worked as a server years ago. We also celebrated our first Valentines' day with dinner at this chain. As such, it has a special place in our hearts.

Service is always stellar- Charles in particular stands out.
The house wine (and rockin' honor system policy) and bread are both higher quality than other chain's standbys, but their smaller menu allows them to shine instead of spreading themselves too thin.

We always get the stuffed mushroom appetizer.
Favorite entrees include the chicken under a brick, Carmela's chicken, and the shrimp portofino. For lunch visits, the bibb and bleu salad is my usual, and I'm really bummed that the italian wedding soup is now a special instead of a menu staple. Favorite dessert is the lemon passion.

The service, food, and ambiance of this restaurant and the high standards of the chain make it one of the few places we choose to dine that isn't local."
"Need to call in some favors around the office? Start off the morning with a box of Dee's 'nuts and your colleagues will be ready, willing, and able to do whatever is needed. I speak from experience.

This location is really out of my way, but sometimes I delegate and get someone else to pick up on my dime. The ladies inside are super friendly and often toss in an extra donut or two when we order a dozen. They have mostly classic styles, but happily decorate with seasonal frosting designs to make your box extra festive. I am not a huge donut fan myself but those at the office fight over the bars and blueberry cake donuts."
"Came by for an afternoon java jolt after lunch at Short Leash up the street. Midday, the atmosphere was quiet with a few people sitting around working on laptops with good background music. The pour over I got was okay, the giant cookies in the pastry case were okay, the service was somewhat disinterested but okay, and the lack of coffee cup sleeves was not ideal, but okay. Perhaps this place is best visited when you can grab a bite to eat, but I found it to be just A-OK."
"Ordered the cheese curds ($2) and the five piece dipping fish strips ($3) and somehow got a total of $7 with no explanation- and, after a ten minute wait during 5:00 rush, NO SAUCES with my order. 
That's right: no ketchup, no tartar sauce, nothing. 
All of this while the manager was standing by the register watching his staff working and chatting with them, but obviously not helping or correcting their mistakes.

Ate the curds and hated myself for it- they were super greasy and half of them were more crunch than cheese. Tried to eat a strip without any dipping sauces (seriously, how did NO ONE in the kitchen notice this?!), and gave up, tossing the order.

Never again. Grab chicken strips next door at Cain's, they have their act together even at midnight. And their sauce is delish."
"Maybe I'm the outlier here but I have no idea how or why this place exists. Do they even get enough business to turn a profit? Mad props to the owner for being able to create a business out of a personal passion, it just isn't an interest we share.

Store is small and exterior decor and signage is a bit tacky, IMO, but at least its distinctive? Inside you'll find everything you can possibly purchase that is related to Zombies, hence the name.

There's shirts and stickers and action figures and statues and movies and posters and various art, too. I may not understand it, but selection is large and everyone seems friendly."
"Nourish is such an asset to Vegas! Given that we're ridiculously hot half the year, there are tons of dessert and iced treat options available, but Nourish is one of the only options to feature such a broad range of products and to do so with primarily all-natural ingredients! They're a health nut's dream. In moderation, of course.

The menu spans several categories, and by now I've tried a couple of items from each-
DRINKS: Smoothies, juices, and refreshers, oh my! I'm not really on board with the activated charcoal trend, but you can get a charcoal limeade here. I prefer their smoothies, particularly the Ginger-Turmeric-Banana, which is slightly savory and packed with good-for-you goodies.
BOWLS: Think acai bowls and smoothies, kicked up with colorful fresh fruit on top and the option of adding chia pudding in the middle. The mixtures do not add additional sugar so it's fairly healthy and they're great about allowing customizations (no coconut, less granola, etc). Gotta get that chia pudding, though (slight upcharge)!
ICE CREAM: They make them in house with all natural ingredients. Add-ons and toppings obviously do add extra sugar, but for the most part, they're pretty good treats. The Earl Grey tea and Horchata are favorites, but someday I need to grab a friend and try the ice cream flight to try several flavors at once!

Service each time I've been in has been nothing short of stellar- thoughtful upselling, loyalty club check-in reminders, mentioning promos and new items, all while being genuinely friendly and positive.  Nourish is clear across town for me, and competitively nestled among a handful of other dessert options, but lately it's the one I find myself coming back to most often!"
"The majority of the low reviews for this place are based on receiving poor service or very late delivery. With this in mind, I grabbed takeout but my limited interaction with the staff was positive and I appreciated how quick they were.

The SASA 99 BENTO BOX is a great value- it's on the lunch menu but they allowed me to order it at 6PM. Order consists of 9 pieces of chef-selected sashimi, 9 pieces of nigiri, a choice of one basic roll (I went with the California), soup and salad. The cuts of fish were generous and thick, and noticeably fresh. I was pleased to see that the California roll was packed with crab and used minimal rice. Soup and salad were forgettable, but for $17, this was a great deal and a giant amount of food. Added on a 3-piece of gyoza (tasty but the wrappers were thicker than I'm used to) and it was enough for dinner AND lunch the next day.

I wasn't blown away by my order but I was decently surprised- so many AYCE places shaft you by packing on the rice, giving thin cuts of fish, etc but I would come back here again, either for the same order or to try something different."
"More like a 3.5 for our particular experiences here, but not good enough to round up for. Service is good and most dishes here are decent, but I found it telling that both the BF and I enjoyed the apps more than the actual meats we got here.

Definitely start with the SPICY CABBAGE SALAD, skip the miso soup. The ""spicy tuna volcano"" (AKA spicy tuna crispy rice, $4 for 4 pieces during HH) was not as good as others in town, but the shrimp ponzu tacos were crispy and adventurous.

As for the meats: choose 3/person and add a bowl of the GARLIC RICE to share. I love that it's served in stone bowl to crisp up and tossed tableside. Definitely get the TONGUE WITH SCALLION SAUCE and the GARLIC SHRIMP ($4 for 4 shrimp, currently on special, regularly $7). If you don't like garlic and onions, maybe don't bother because those were the best dishes.

Other solid options were the spicy gochugang pork belly, bistro hangar steak, toro beef, and basil chicken- all good but not great, smaller portions than other similar style restaurants for similar prices. 

Seems to be more of a place to go with a group and drink while lingering over the food, rather than as a date. The pre-set meals are well-priced for what you get, but they don't allow any substitutions. I don't see myself coming back outside of HH."
"I'm not sure what it says about Vegas that this delicious pizza place is run entirely by Russians who can't possibly be turning a profit, but I'll eat there happily nonetheless!

Most come here for the takeout special: 16"", 1 topping glorious ness for a mere $7. Really can't be beat. Add in a massive salad ($6-10) to pretend you're being healthy, and you've got dinner for like, five people. 

I ate two slices  and a good portion if the salad and was stuffed. Their price for size/value is good. 

Service was friendly and fast. Packed plates and utensils with out takeout order, along with cheese and peppers, which was a nice touch.

Ordered the Greek salad, think I accidentally got the gyro salad by mistake. It it was still great. Would get again- fresh, crunchy salad with plenty of meat and cheese, and an entire tomato! Pizza hot and fresh, good sauce that wasn't too sweet, crust was thin but still had some crunch to it."
"Khai is the best. When I returned from vacation and my phone stopped holding a charge, he spent nearly two hours with me trying a few different methods to charge my battery with an external charger, transfer all of my files and select a new phone that best suited my needs, along with some accessories. Lesson learned, I'll actually back up my stuff from now on.

Cricket overall has been great to me, I don't have any service or coverage issues and I pay less than my friends for comparable plans. Their Android selection is somewhat limited but you can purchase phones through Best Buy, Walmart, etc and activate with your Cricket Sim card."
"Sweet service, clean kitchen, tasty food. Glad this spot finally opened up, menu offers some great dishes that aren't found too many other places. I like that they have a daily special, as well as one of my favorite dishes, shakshuka. 

Tried the schnitzel sandwich and was surprised to see it served on a French baguette roll instead of the more traditional pita or laffa, but the bread ended up making the sandwich: crisp on the outside, fluffy inside, and super-fresh. Schnitzel was thin and crispy, sandwich condiments were a touch peppery for me. Sandwich served with some house-pickled vegetables, which was a nice touch.

Heads up that they're closed Saturdays for Sabbath. I'm used to kosher spots in Vegas having ridiculous prices, but the ones here are reasonable: $12 for sandwich above, and it was massive, delicious, and fresh."
"I've been a fan of F&F since day one at their original Charleston location and I'm thrilled to see they've done well enough to open a fourth location! My work schedule has me by one location or another nearly every day of the week and it's hard to stay away on taco Tuesdays. The new drive-thru available makes this even harder, now that it's so fast.

Their asada is consistently smoky and fresh, one of my favorite versions in town, and their al pastor is my second-choice protein. All tacos come with the works, done right with cilantro, onion, and guac, with additional red and green salsa at each table. Sides include chips/salsa (which I wish were included) or rice/beans. Treat yourself to a tasty agua fresca with your meal- and if you can't decide on a flavor, they'll combine them all for you!"
"BEC is BAE: bacon egg and cheese on a bagel is the classic weekend breakfast. Here at BBD, you can get your bagel plain, with schmear, or in various sandwiches. The Classic with bacon is not their best effort but it's an easy grab and go option.

Their lunch sandwiches fare a bit better for me, but I'm a sucker for the lox sando and usually end up getting that. If you're into spice, the Tijuana hot is a solid option with jalapeno cream cheese and pepper jack. The bagels themselves aren't the best in town, the dough doesn't quite have the right chew and other spots have a bit more flavor. Service is friendly and they score bonus points for patio seats. 

TIP: Check the case by the register for NY seltzer, rainbow cookies, and other big apple favorites."
"Most women are Target addicts, and I'm no exception. I go in for a few basic things because I don't like supporting Walmart, and end up spending over $100 and forgetting one oft he most important things on my list. It happens nearly every time.

Have been to this particular location 3 times in the past 36 hours. Got all those basic new-home necessities we didn't bring with us: bath towels, pots and pans, sheets and comforters, silverware, and okay, yeah, a new purse too. But it was on clearance! Don't judge me.

Noticed that there were few lines open each time we went, so lines weren't particularly long but did take a little longer than Im used to. Employees friendly and efficient. Have been able to find parking right in front all three times too, which is almost unusual!"
"This bakery is located inside Island Pacific Seafood Market- just like the grocery store itself, the treats have a Filipino slant. Favorite items are found in the pastry case, specifically the cupcakes. Grab an Ube Flan if they have them in stock, or the regular Ube at the very least. They're moist and not too sweet. The banana were more like a frosted muffin than a cake IMO.

Bread selection is massive, with pan de sal, pan de queso, pan de coco, and a bunch of others I've never even heard of, along with stuff you might not expect, like biscotti. I like how the breads are fresh (and you can even check if they have any in the oven to get them hot!), and bags are hand-labelled with the best-buy date. Prices seemed comparable to other bakeries in town.

Friendly service at the register- note that they are cash only at the counter, or you can take your purchases to the grocery cashier to use a card. Fair warning, there are only two registers so you could be waiting quite a while."
"Drove past this place several times, wanted to love it. Service was top-notch! Cashier engaged me in conversation and even greeted and checked on customers who were just in to browse the display cases.

But ultimately I went in for cupcakes- selection was limited to three, not too big a deal. Large selection of other pastries, cakes, and miniature desserts. Seeing as how the place has ""cakery"" in the name, I kind of had inflated expectations.

Flavors sounded great and presentation looked good: red velvet with chocolate shavings, white cake dipped in white chocolate and filled with lemon cream and topped with a lemon-strawberry frosting, and a white cake dipped in chocolate with a raspberry frosting and a raspberry garnish. All very pretty, packed well in individual holders in the take-out box.

But they were all dry. And the lemon filling in one was overwhelmingly unpalatable- the teenager I bought them for would not eat that flavor. Red velvet was the favorite, but frostings on all tasted eerily similar despite being wildly different flavors.

Might come back for other things if in the area and in a pinch, but it won't be cupcakes."
"I openly admit am not Hawaiian, have not been to the Islands, and didn't even know what an ozakuya was until I read the other reviews and hit up Google. Simply comparing this place to other ono options in Vegas, I was a bit underwhelmed. I didn't realize that this concept is a grab-and-go with bentos premade in a warmer, which affected the texture and moisture in every item, and not for the better. Perhaps returning for fresh-made options or breakfast dishes would yield a more positive experience.

The 702 Bento has chicken teriyaki, shrimp tempura, fried chicken, Redondo hot dog, and a fish cake served on furikake rice. The teri sauce is thin and didn't have much flavor while the fried chicken was soggy. I was most disappointed in the shrimp, which tasted spoiled- heat plus seafood plus an indeterminate amount of time is not a fun formula to play around with. The casual ambiance and hole in the wall location make this place feel like it has the potential to be a ""hidden gem"", but I'll wait to revisit when they work out some of the execution issues. Rumor has it they'll be adding dim sum at some point, which I look forward to trying."
"A brand after my own heart! Cowgirls Espresso is a drive-thru coffee stand from Seattle, complete with sweet, scantily-clad ladies like Milk Teaze or Sexxpresso. The coffee is strong and the staff is sweet, menu has hot and iced beverages with a variety of teas and smoothies.

For my first visit, opted for an iced nonfat coconut latte- found out they have alternative milks including coconut, and a long list of sugar-free flavors. Added an extra shot and cooled off with my coffee, which wasn't too sweet.  Returned for another coffee and a tea, both received with attentive and friendly service. Drinks come in the classic tall, grande, venti, as well as the 24oz Cowboy and a massive 32oz Buckin Bronco.

Staff is genuinely friendly, nice girls despite the sometimes- scandalous themed outfits. Prices are on par with average, and their hours are awesome- 5AM to 7PM, so you can get your fix morning or night. Yeehaw! 

TIP: Casino employees get 10% off!"
"Product selection is decent, prices are about average, service is lacking- I've come in a few times and there are staff present, but no one asks if I need help or addresses me in any way until I am checking out. Store is not particularly organized: resistance bands, yoga mats, and soccer balls and cleats can all be found on the same shelf for no apparent reason. Store is a bit run down but products are new and I have not had any packaging issues. I come here out of convenience, not because this place has anything specific to offer."
"The more AYCE sushi I have in Vegas, the more I appreciate a la carte places: they typically have the quality I want, without the obligation to overeat to ""get my money's worth"". I'd be in trouble if I lived closer to Blue Fin, because it's a good combination of the best of both worlds!

Came in on a random weekday evening, sampled a bunch of their apps (the poke was a bit spicy, the screaming o was mostly sauce, and the tempura soft shell crab was a flavorless half crab), lots of nigiri (the garlic tuna and spicy garlic tuna were both standouts!) and a few of their rolls (the featured special roll, CM4? was the best). 

Fish was fresh, rolls were tight, rice was correctly portioned, and even better than all of the above was the service. Like I said, I tend to overdo it at AYCE joints, but the servers here were super-fast and nonjudgmental- every time more food was brought out, they'd ask without batting an eye what we'd like next."
"Very cool lounge, good décor and ambiance. Love the seating built into the lettering of the lounge, creating the wall separating the lounge from the casino outside. The open format kept the small space from feeling claustrophobic.

Service is very attentive and attractive, specialty cocktail menu has several tasty options at predictable Strip prices. Music was interesting, and I was surprised there wasn't more of a Beatles influence in the music selection while we were here- more like elevator music and top hits, both flooded with extra bass.

Definitely check out the wall towards the back corner, with Beatles song titles carved in and backlit by color-changing LED lights- visually appealing, added to the décor. Great modern take on Beatles theme décor, but again, no idea why their actual music isn't incorporated here."
"Mid-century modern light fixtures, rich red leather booths, dimmed lighting, and televisions showing classic black and white films from the 40s and 50s- Siegel's tries (and mostly succeeds) at establishing a classy retro atmosphere. The menu encompasses breakfast and dinner specials, a series of ""sandwiches of the world"", and a $19.41 steak dinner, which makes Siegel's not what I expected. The atmosphere is geared more toward a steakhouse, but is instead utilized as a diner. 

The $19.41 steak dinner includes a salad (heads up, the house vinaigrette is a creamy version), sliced sirloin served topped with steak sauce (usually not  something I like, but nicely zesty here),  heap of fresh fries, and a bread plate (which never materialized). The Tuesday dinner special is a country-fried steak with mashed potatoes and vegetables, which was generously sized and solid for the low $11 price tag. We couldn't resist adding on a bowl of their matzoh ball soup with challah, which was surprisingly meaty for $8. 
We wanted to share a dessert, but upon asking to see the menu, we were handed our bill- guess that makes the decision for us, huh?

Unfortunately, the subpar service kind of ruined it for me. Regulars were enthusiastically greeted, and we were helped in a polite and competent manner, but odd delays (20 minutes between courses, 10 to run our card, the dessert thing) made things a bit frustrating. The location and decor lend this space the potential to be a higher-end restaurant, if they kicked up the menu and retrained the staff."
"I'm a fan of Kerry Simon's restaurants, and made it a priority to come here since they are closing next month. Clearly I waited too long, as the food is mediocre but more importantly, the staff has already completely checked out.

Manager was present and visible throughout my visit- walked past three of our dishes waiting at the sushi bar for nearly 10 minutes but didn't even glance at them, let alone take them out to our table. Our server was polite when he was around, but twice I had to prompt someone to bring us our dishes that were ready and waiting within our eyesight.

We spent $60 on HH items but most of them were nothing but average: the sushi was bland, rolls were rice-heavy, salmon sashimi was cut paper-thin (for $10) and there was no effort to balance the flavors at all. The chicken flatbread was nicely crispy but basic, the calamari was decent, but the overall quality did not match the restaurant's reputation or prices.

Considering they were thoroughly overstaffed (1:2 employee to customer ratio), the service was dismal. As we walked out the door, there were four employees chatting at the hostess stand, including the manager. Not a single one of them even looked up as we walked past them out the door, they were so absorbed in their conversation. Good riddance."
"As Jennifer said, this is not what I picture when I hear that there's a Famers Market- especially not when it's organized by Fresh52, who are usually pretty good about actually having a variety of farm vendors. Unfortunately the selection here is pretty dismal, and it's mostly artisan goods (olive oils, some nut butters, local honey) and food booths (clam chowder, tamales, juices, thai food plates) with one or two produce vendors. I would not go out of my way to come here. Not much variety, pretty small group of businesses represented."
"Mediocre and overpriced about covers it, as another reviewer said. 

I had a bad experience coming into Vegas but got to the LVH and needed dinner, so hit the Paradise Cafe- my taxi driver actually recommended it. Upon seeing the prices/selection, I almost left to try the buffet instead, figuring I'd spend about the same amount, but I'm bad with portion control and figured the quality would probably be less, so I stayed.

It wasn't particularly busy, and despite the name and decor had a distinctly diner-esque feel to it, for some reason. They had a seafood special going on, so I opted for the $7 ceviche appetizer and was decently surprised at the portion- though more tortilla chips could have been served with it. Glass contained about 2 cups, mixed shrimp and scallops, and was alright. It would have been more appropriate served with lime slices rather than lemon, but the taste wasn't bad and the fish was clearly fresh. I know it's all about presentation, but eating the ceviche out of a wine glass and attempting to spoon it onto tortilla chips is a clumsy affair and would have been better suited to a lower stemmed bowl of some sort. 
Not sure why I ordered the chicken burrito for my entree- I can have Mexican food at home, right? But I was in a cheese-craving mood and didn't like the idea of spending $10 on a plate of nachos (though maybe that would have been a better choice), so I went with the overpriced burrito plate. At the very least it is a large quantity of food. Beans were slightly off and rice was overly wet and bland, and the burrito itself, while large and stuffed with chicken, wasn't particularly flavorful. Used up a lot of the pico, salsa, sour cream, and guac just trying to eat about half of it without simply choking down shredded chicken. 

In any case, the staff were very polite though not very present/available. In my case, that was a good thing, because I was lingering there for just over an hour with my food and a glass of wine, waiting for my friend to arrive as our rooms were in his name. That being said, it was bizarre to have so many other servers come by so frequently but never see my own- and never have anyone offer to fill my water glass. Just struck me as bizarre."
"A Mexican restaurant adjacent to my gym only spells trouble but somehow I've only popped in a couple of times. Their daily HH runs 4-6:30, with food and drink specials, and usually overlaps with my workouts. I park on the other side of the building to avoid the temptation. I've been in a couple of times and tried a considerable portion of the menu with friends. Service alternately attentive and friendly or the exact opposite. Note that they have discontinued their weekend brunch.

HITS: 
+ Their table salsas. One roasted, one green, and one with a vaguely Asian flavor with sesame and tamarind? Could not stop eating them.
+ Guacamole del Mar with crab, parmesan, and roasted garlic: The seafood and dairy add some interesting notes to the classic guac without overpowering it. Nice for something different.
+ Octopus Salteado: This was barely a hit. The portion was good for the price and I mostly liked the sauce but the amount was overwhelming. Presentation is messy and unappealing, you won't win over any people who don't already love octopus. 
+ Crab & Shrimp Relleno: Huge portion, definitely a dish to share. Sauce was good, pepper was huge, ample filling, and went well the cilantro rice. Despite being a seafood dish, this was very heavy.
+ Duck Carnitas: Very good! Nicely crispy, paired well with the berry jalapeno chutney, would get again but wish they made their tortillas in house.

MISSES: 
- Queso Fundido: wasn't stringy, didn't pull, was alternately watery and clumpy, wasn't quite executed right, maybe not hot enough?
- Campechana Ceviche: Classic Mexican seafood cocktail, but inconsistent across two visits with drastically different tastes. Seafood was fresh, though.
- Gnocchi Mexicano: A vegetarian pasta dish at Mexican restaurant? It didn't work. Again, super heavy with a portion size fit for a family. I liked the guajillo-mushroom cream sauce but it was very heavy and the pasta was gummy and the dish vaguely unbalanced. 

UNDECIDED: the fact that this is even a category is why my rating sits at a solidly average three stars for ""A-OK""
? Lobster & Chorizo Empanadas: Interesting. Didn't taste distinctly of lobster or chorizo. Seemed overpriced ($15) for the portion. Liked the pastry though.
? Surf & Turf Pizza: crust was way too thick and the (admittedly plentiful) toppings didn't harmonize.
? Ceviche de la Casa: fresh but notably smaller portion than other ceviches despite lower quality ingredients, and flavors were not well distributed."
"Previous visits I had sliders and salads, but lately I've been eating from the pizza portion of the menu exclusively. The rumors and ratings are right: this place has fantastic pizza. Multiple crusts to choose from, several specialty options, but almost everything I've tried has been great.

The Modesto is my favorite: roasted mushrooms, garlic, and roma tomatoes, with fresh basil. And you can add sausage for FREE. Who has ever heard of that?! So props for having legit vegetarian options, and for kicking them up another level with the carnivore customization option. The small is perfect for two, add on some wings or a salad and you won't do too much damage to your diet.

The stuffed pizzas are also a hit- I'm not a fan of carbs on carbs on carbs, but BF would consider selling one of his kidneys for a large Loop (sausage, pepperoni, roasted mushrooms). The marinara dipping sauce is robust and comforting, but the crust is a bit too thick for my personal liking. I will say that the large, 8 slices for $30, is a great deal if you have a large group: similar, smaller, thinner slices in town go for $5/each elsewhere, and this averages out to under $4/slice with much better quality and a larger portion.

And service. It's always great. Phoning in my order is easy, it's always ready on time at pickup, and staff are friendly when I pop in. Bonus points for having the two takeout-pickup spaces in the parking lot!"
"I'm digging all of the cute little French spots that are popping up in this area lately! I've been going to Rosallie pretty regularly but they don't do too many heated dishes, so Maggie's is here to fill the gap: menu includes both sweet and savory crepes made to order, and some coffee and smoothie beverages for a bit of something extra. 

SOPHIE: Mozzarella, red pepper, and mushroom. Simple but so good! BF inhaled his portion while I savored mine. It was hard to decide what to order because all of the options sound good, definitely coming back to try more!
LOULOU: Vanilla custard jam and whipped cream? Yes please! I'm not a huge crepe fan, or much of a dessert person, but I really enjoyed this option, which is one of the simpler offerings. 
ICED COFFEE: Great brew, served in a double-wall tumbler for dining in, refills were offered. This was just strong enough, and made me interested in trying other caffeinated drinks on my next visit!

 Location isn't noticeable from the street, tucked into a small plaza with a few vacant spots. Service was super-sweet and interior is cute and rustic. I can see myself coming back frequently to experience the great food and service.

TIP: Check in when you walk in, there's a Yelp offer for 10% off. You can get one savory option, one sweet option, and a drink for under $20. Not bad at all!"
"It's not much from the outside, a space sandwiched between a Laundromat (last wash at 10PM sharp!) and a salon, but inside is a kitchen churning out dishes from two separate menus: Mediterranean and Italian, go figure!

So far I've stuck to the Med menu, with several sandwiches and gyros you can't go wrong. I prefer to get anything with the garlic sauce, ask for extra on the side. It's flavorful but the bread is a little thicker than expected, and if the chicken is a little on the dry side, the sauce helps. I don't normally like pickles on my sandwiches, but here they add that perfect element that takes it to the next level.

Service is quick, menu is extensive, they have a large dining room and delivery service. But that garlic sauce is what you need to get here. I would buy it bottled."
"Small but professional art museum hidden away on the UNLV campus- adjacent lot is reached via Harmon, building is between the WRI and the Environmental Sciences. Come on a Saturday (open noon to five) for better luck with parking.

Admission is free and I believe staff are students and volunteers. Shout out to the female employee with the classy English accent who gave incredibly detailed directions that allowed me to find a place I would otherwise have missed."
"I'm a fan of this local supplement chain- their stores tend to be well stocked and their employees are usually helpful. This location is fairly new and hasn't been particularly busy when I go by. The clearance section in the back right usually has a couple cool things. Be on the lookout for grand opening discounts and coupons (like $10 vouchers!), and don't forget your samples when you check out!"
"If you want to stay in a retro-style property with modern amenities, this is your place. Come ready to party, because the music is blasting nonstop and when you come to check into your room the door guy will try to get you to buy a wristband to the pool. If the music wasn't terrible, the area didn't reek of weed, and the noise didn't last til 3AM, I would have followed through with my plan to stay here. 

I spoke to the front desk agent who was less than friendly and completely unhelpful about my concerns, was not forthcoming with information or suggestions about why a raucous party was going on without any mention of it being made during my reservation (this was a random weeknight!), and basically told me to call the third party I booked with, and blew me off.

Note that their policy states that you'll be charged a full day of your reservation in lieu of a cancellation fee. It's a cool spot, and I love the design and decor, but service and common sense are not found here, unfortunately. So it's probably great if you're a college student who wants to spend your stay trashed."
"The pancake hype is real! Mr. Chopstix may have a silly name but they are super serious about their pancakes. Sit at the bar to watch your order get made fresh in their open kitchen. The pork and chive is my choice but the beef/onion version gets a lot of raves too. Feel your anticipation build as you watch the chef stretch and form the dough, scoop and stuff the filling, shape your pancake, and slap it on the grill. Then wait what seems like forever, because these juicy babies take awhile. But they are worth the wait: piping hot, savory pockets best enjoyed with a heap of chili oil. I recommend getting your own order because it will be hard to share. Better yet, just make this your entire order. Add on a couple of lamb skewers if you want, but really the pancakes are what you came here for. And the cute drink cups. 

TIP: There's a back seating area with more privacy, if you didn't come here to stare down the cooking staff and inhale your food."
"Decent quick-lunch option in Downtown Summerlin, they sell by the pie or by the slice. Snagged a $4 pepperoni slice, decent crust but not the thin and foldable type I expected with NY in the name. I appreciated that the slice wasn't too greasy, but didn't really like the way they reheated it. Layout of interior does not facilitate any sort of line, but they do have some outdoor seating available.

Note that they have a Yelp check in offer for $1 off purchase over $5- do yourself a favor and order a slice plus a garlic knot (too carby for me), and with the discount it's actually less than the slice alone. You're welcome."
"Great grocery with fresh and well-priced produce. I especially love the Chinese broccoli/gai lan for $1.69! If you're juicing or a vegetarian, there are more leafy greens here than anywhere else in town.
You can also find more exotic fruits, veggies, and herbs here from Asian cuisine- lotus root, various squashes, giant daikon, and the like. The fresh herb selection can't be beat, well priced bunches of saran-wrapped trays of everything from basil to parsley to dill, along with more you've never heard of. Sadly many are only labeled in another language, so be careful you get the right thing or know exactly what you're looking for.

Fish/meat area is also great- fresh fish available in tanks to take home then and there, or frozen and on display in ice. No cloudy eyes here, plenty of clams and shellfish to select too. Display tanks almost make this look like a really creepy aquarium. 
Meat is well-priced, found NY strip in good-sized cuts for under $4/each. Also found various animal feet and testicals, if you're in an adventurous mood or watch too much Food Network.

Cafe and restaurant have plenty of tasty dishes to buy, and cakes/desserts to grab for your sugar fix. The individual cake and cheesecake slices look best, but there are also more traditional bun options and green tea and red bean flavored desserts. All are around $3/portion max for the nicer cakes, many are far less.

Drink selection includes refrigerated and shelved bottled teas and beers, my current favorites are the green tea with jasmine and Tiger beer- six pack is an affordable $7, individual large bottle is $3."
"TLDR: Get the pho, bahn mi, and fresh fruit smoothies, but skip the boba. 

The #11 combination pho has a great, savory broth and ample meat and toppings. They pack this really well for takeout, if you're in a rush. 
Their bahn mi are made with fresh, fantastic French bread- some of the best bread I've found in town, actually. For under $4, the sando is stuffed with toppings, but I'd personally ask for extra pate. 
They advertise the smoothies as being made with fresh fruit- I'm not sure how true that is but the jackfruit version is perfection in a cup. Not too sweet, no artificial flavor, would get again... But their boba is pretty flavorless, so I'd skip that. Smoothies automatically come with boba (for $5/ea) but if you as for it without, they're closer to $3- but they may forget and give you boba anyway out of habit (happened to me)."
"Solid selection of decor and entertaining items- regular pricing is a bit high IMO, but with clearance sales the products magically become more appealing. Unless it's a candle, because I can't stomach the idea of spending $11 clearance on a candle, sorry.

Furniture and wall decor sections have a lot of variety and tend to be well-maintained; if you find anything marked down be sure to check it for damage. Currently, they are selling some floor samples ($800 couch), which is worth checking out if you really like the style here.

I mostly look for decorative objects to add to my home rather than large pieces. There are also a lot of gift items here, like picture frames, jewelry, scarves, and some smaller items (notebooks, jewelry boxes, bookends, etc)."
"I guess my GG in San Antonio is a little different from how GG operates here in Vegas...
For starters, the monthly charge is dirt cheap- but the facility is, too. 
This is a bare-bones gym: no frills here, but they do have free group classes like zumba and bodypump.
The setup of the gym is like a triangle- the hypotenuse is lined with cardio equipment facing a wall of flatscreens (most without captions and all machines too far away to actually read them, and no means of plugging in your earbuds to hear the audio?).
From the right angle radiating outward (go with my triangle comparison, if you've been in there, you'll get it) is all of the weights equipment, which seems to be the focus of the majority of the regulars here.
You'll see all range of ages, but mostly men, lifting. But more obviously than that, you'll hear them grunting and slamming down their free weights and obnoxiously clanking down their machine weights without any regard for form or control. It's downright distracting even from across the room on one of the few ellipticals that is from this decade.
In any case, I will say that the customer service was good- apparently this is not part of the Golds Gym chain, but an independently owned gym? I have no idea how that even possibly works or why, but that's what I was told when I tried to use my membership at this location. The staff was always friendly and helpful, though, so I didn't have too many complaints.
For a bare-bones gym, this place isn't bad, but just make sure you bring your own lock for the lockers (or you can take the risk of putting your stuff in and shutting the door, which I did multiple times without issue- but I didn't really have anything of value there either), bring your own towel to comply with the posted notices that all machines require one, and bring your iPod or MP3 player of choice, as there did not seem to be any playing in the gym itself, and as I stated above the TVs were practically inaccessible.
Lastly, be prepared to sweat it out. Other than the odd vents in the locker room, this place didn't seem to have central air or any fans, which I found pretty odd.
All in all, not bad for a vacation gym, but simply not at all up to the Golds Gym standard as I've experienced it elsewhere, so plan accordingly. But to reiterate, despite all of the above, customer service was top notch- super friendly, helpful, and patient."
"Forget jewelry stores, this place has the four Cs: current, childrens, classics, and collectible comics! From all the major publishers like Marvel and Dark Horse, to Arrow and other smaller houses, is a wide selection of books, single issues, and related action figures and collectible figurines. They are new and currently have some sparse shelves, but I assume they will fill up as they settle in. 

I don't frequent comic shops often, as I prefer to shop online, but I'm used to being immediately dismissed when I walk in. It was nice to see a female employee offering help and greeting customers! 

Don't forget to check out the section in the back with framed, signed, mint-condish collectible issues on display."
"I'll make this short and simple: I come here because it's close to the 215/Flamingo LVAC. If you need carbs, nearly everything has rice. If you want omega-3s, opt for sushi; if you want protein, get a rice bowl; and vegetarians have a few options, too. And if you're on a budget, they have lunch specials $6-9 until 3PM.

 I come for the sushi, and get one of their riceless rolls. Frankly, I'm surprised they have any (given the name), but you're limited to three options: volcano (fried roll, which I don't do), cucumber crush (spicy), or cucumber island (favorite). Almost all special rolls are a flat $9, or they have a lunch with two basic rolls for the same price. 

This spot is usually pretty empty, but always clean. Service is fine, takeout is ready fast. It's not stellar sushi, but for the convenience and freshness, the price is right."
"This spot looks like it has a lot of potential. Location is in a business park with limited signage, somewhat hard to find even if you're looking for it because it's just an unexpected area. Menu has something for everybody, from Korean to Hawaiian to tacos and burgers. 

CHIPS & SALSA: Loved the salsa, chips had a light spicy seasoning on them that added flavor. I would consider adding on the guac on another visit. 
TACOS: Our table ordered the tempura fried shrimp and the fish (tilapia) tacos, both were solid. Trio of tacos is packed with protein, liked that they didn't skimp like other places. The sauce on the fish tacos had a nice kick to it.
ASADA SALAD: Definitely get this with a side of salsa, I liked that more than the creamy vinaigrette dressing. Meat could have been cut a little smaller for easier eating, but had good flavor. I like that the salads include beans for extra protein.

Decor is a little limited, but the cute plants on the tables are nice. The dark carpet and curtained-off cooking areas almost give this spot a banquet hall feel. Staff were very friendly and polite. Menu is fresh and seems to be going for a fairly healthy slant, which I appreciated. They offer all-day breakfast, would try those dishes on another visit."
"Cute spot with cozy, private booths. Menu includes a variety of tapas-sized apps and snacks, plus combination plate specials and boba drinks. I wasn't really impressed with what I tried but would consider coming back for other items.

POKE: $6 app was a flavorful (shoyu?) tuna version, fish was fresh, recommend this dish.
SKEWERS: as every other review states, these are seasoned in an insane amount of cumin. It's like a paste coating every skewer, to the point where you can't even taste the meat. Whoever's in the kitchen needs to chill on the seasoning.
MACARONS: These were a surprise! Ordered them for a small, sweet treat and expected them to be dry and crumbly, as at so many places in Vegas. But the 2 piece lemon flavor was soft, delicate, and had a great punch of citrus flavor! It's completely nuts to come here for more macarons, yet I'm pretty sure that's what will keep them on my radar.

Service was quick, prices are fairly low. The décor is cute and the booths would be great for catching up with a friend or having a more private (but still casual) date. They'll have to improve the food (other than the macarons, obviously) for me to come back, though."
"I loved the décor and poolside setting when this spot was Simon's, but service was terrible. Glad to see that Café 6 has tasty burgers and a total turnaround in the service department- but the cuisine doesn't really fit the spa-like locale. That said, I'd still keep this spot in mind for a great burger.

FRIED PICKLES: These are spears instead of the expected chips, perfectly crisp and served with a trio of dipping sauces (an acidic ranch, a sweet bbq, and a spicy sriracha). Interesting presentation features vinegar chips under the pickles? 
THE WEDGIE: More like a wedge salad mated with a BLTA sandwich, minus the bread. Presentation deconstructed the wedge to more manageable pieces,  with generous amounts of avocado and bleu cheese, two slices of bacon. One of the few fresh/healthy options, lots of textural contrast, would get again.

MINI BURGERS
TURKEY SNACK: Turkey burger with lettuce, avocado, swiss, and apple-cranberry marmalade on a Taro bun. The purple taro bun is fun and slightly sweet, tastes like a Hawaiian roll. This is a great turkey burger, surprisingly juicy.
BACON BLEU: Angus patty with bacon (allegedly, didn't detect any on ours?), bleu cheese sauce, LTO, on brioche bun. Lovely buttery bun and an incredibly strong sauce, burger was juicy, a bite of perfection.
TOADSTOOL SWISS: Angus patty with roasted portabella, caramelized onion, lettuce, swiss, Dijon mustard, house-made ketchup. The burger I'd most anticipated was underwhelming. Portabella lacked flavor, mustard didn't really harmonize with other ingredients, small chopped onions were falling all over the plate and didn't stay on the burger.

FULL-SIZE BURGER
DR. PEPPER SHROOM BURGER: Huge, thick Angus patty with roasted portabella, white cheddar, caramelized onion, Dr. Pepper glaze, Dijon mustard on brioche bun. The full sized burgers are gigantic! Aside from our cooking issues (below), the sweet Dr. Pepper glaze worked better than expected and added to the mushrooms' savory meatiness. Really enjoyed the flavors of this burger. 
WAFFLE FRIES: These are perfectly crisp and wonderfully seasoned, served with a spicy ketchup with a lot of kick. I ate way too many of these, enjoying them more than any other version in recent memory.

NUTELLA DONUTS: Puffy donut holes, dusted in cinnamon-sugar and served with a trio of sauces (the crème anglaise being my favorite). Nutella filling was a good amount, not overflowing, happy my BF pushed to order these despite my not being a dessert fan.  

I recommend the Trio of Sliders ($14), which allows you to try more burger styles, though the giant patty of the full-size burger is a good value. The sliders were cooked perfectly, whereas our full-sized burger was served first overcooked (to well done) then redone to practically rare. If you're charging $15/burger, every one should be cooked perfectly- an area to improve upon.

Service was fairly good: lots of positive staff around to check up on us, they had no problem remaking our burger or upselling drinks, apps, and desserts. Now if only they could get people in the door! Despite a Friday evening date-night, there were few diners here and they were mostly older groups. Location away from the casino floor plus $15 burgers (pricey for some) doesn't really help. Hoping this place lasts as a concept (as I want to return for the bbq brisket burger!) , but it doesn't really fit the location."
"Having grown up in Texas, one of the things I miss most is breakfast tacos. But with Tacos Huevos around, I don't need to! Eggs in the name means breakfast is available all day- my pick is the scrambled egg tacos with potatoes and bacon or sausage, but whatever you get, add melted cheese on top and a side of their green ajo sauce (creamy avocado). The tortillas are freshly made for that extra touch of awesome. It's a great way to start my day! Bonus points for having vegan and vegetarian options.

That said, staff are friendly but ordering system is disorganized- it's a cafeteria style made-to-order line but it's unclear who takes the order, makes the order, and rings it up, as staff are constantly moving between roles leading to forgotten items and payment delays."
"My last review was 5 years ago, before I had any idea I'd ever live in Vegas. Having been at this airport around 50 more times since then, an update is overdue.

McCarran has spoiled me as one of the quickest airports to get in and out of. I used to get travel anxiety and show up 2 hours before flights, but rolling in one hour prior is more than sufficient at LAS. Use your phone for your boarding pass, breeze through security, take a tram to T3 if needed, and then use the free WiFi for the remaining half hour til you board. Outlet availability varies by terminal and gate but the WiFi is consistent and there are ample dining and shopping options.

Bonus points for their parking situation. I've used long term in both terminals for vacations up to a week.  A couple of times, I returned to a car that wouldn't start. Called the CS number on posted signage and even at 3AM they arrived within 10 minutes, jump started me with a smile and had me on my way."
"Solid neighborhood park- plenty of open green space for kids to run around, trails for adults to jog, and shaded playscapes for kids to explore. There are also basketball and tennis courts, though I was disappointed that there isn't any seating to actually watch tennis matches- just space at the side of each court if you brought your own chair.

Around dusk, teenagers start hanging around and getting a bit rowdy. Was here for a league tennis match, and the courts were swarmed by families and teens with rackets who weren't respectful of the games going on- sending balls flying over, running across other people's courts, shouting and goofing off, distracting the players. Just a heads up to finish up league matches before 9pm."
"I was bummed to see Snow White Cafe close but excited to hear we'd finally be getting a matcha specialty shop on this side of town- but I was disappointed by the quality and pricing at their soft opening.

Matcha Latte Float was more than half ice, matcha latte lacked flavor but soft serve was good- there was just so little of it! Drink was topped with a skimpy two-inch poorly-formed blob that I almost wanted to ask them to remake, especially considering the price after 10% discount was still over $6, and for the smaller size. Hard pass for now."
"HH is Monday-Friday, 3-6PM, featuring a limited menu of food and drink specials. Bartender Jamie (who bears an uncanny resemblance to Mr. Clean!) was attentive and informative.

Started off with the SON OF MAN cocktail ($5), which was light and refreshing with a cherry garnish. The DEVILED EGGS ($3 for 4) were topped with crispy onions and jalapeno, but the pepper overpowered all. THE PROPER ITALIAN ($5) is a surprisingly large sandwich stuffed with meats and veggies. The pepperoni in particular stood out, and the bread was nicely crisp, but it would have benefited from more oil and vinegar.

The location was a bit hard for me to find- it's right by the BBQ joint. I liked the cute patio and gorgeous chandeliers over the bar. Classy décor, good service, interesting menu."
"Organized terminal with several food and drink options, ample seating and outlets, and clean bathrooms. The mural wrapping around the ceiling is a nice touch too, and there are random banks of slot machines if that's your thing.

Gates 50 to about 60 are here in this terminal, and it seems to service mostly United flights. Yelp the restaurants before dining though, many have less stars than you'd expect."
"It may be the largest tennis facility in town, and one of the largest in the country, but I just can't really recommend it. I like that there is a large stadium court in the center, and an on-site shop, and the courts themselves are well-maintained, but that's about where the fun ends.

Courts are spread out without much signage- had some difficulty meeting up with friends here because we couldn't find them. The front gate entrance area does not have competent staff. Gate is locked, you have to enter through the shop, no one there can tell me where others are playing, no one can tell me who to speak to about lessons, and calls go unreturned. 

And that's without even getting into a discussion about their members. Let's just say money can't buy class. It's sad when the commentary from the home team spectators is on par with what you'd hear in a high school gym."
"I've been to Carnival World Buffet before the merge and while the selection is large, isn't really worth the price on it's own- splurge for the Seafood Buffet: Mon-Fri it's $48/pp, which is steep, but locals get 25% off with ID. 

Regular buffet selection is huge and does include seafood items, larger selection than most other buffets but average quality (avoid the dim sum and choose your desserts carefully) - the upcharge gets you to a sectioned-off area you can only access after  showing your blacklight-activated lobster stamp.  That's where you want to go to get your money's worth.

Cooked fish dishes, large fried shrimp tempura, cajun crawfish, shrimp & grits, and other  similar choices  greet you before you get to the chowders, bisques (not the same as  the one upstairs at VooDoo), and raw bar-  featuring  oysters,  several types of crab claws, and gigantic, peeled cocktail shrimp. The poke was pretty lackluster but the sashimi  section made up for it- snag the salmon, it goes quick.

If I were to come back, I'd stick to the raw items and the meats and desserts from the  regular area. Despite the bigger price tag, service was less attentive than other off-Strip buffets and dishes weren't cleared and refills oddly weren't offered."
"Have flown out of this airport twice recently, and all I can say is that it's supposed to be an airport- not a mall. It seems like there was way too much thought and consideration given to retail placement and options rather than, I don't know, travelers. I don't even mind the slot machines, but when I have to wind my way past ten stores to get from C16 to C23, that's a little ridiculous. 

I don't know if it's the constant construction this airport seems to be under, or just that it's a deceptively large airport, but I've barely been able to make connecting flights before and there was no delay. And this is within the same terminal, too, with timing allotted for such a thing. Maybe it was just a bad day or something.

That being said, there are several shopping and dining options available in terminal C, if you didn't get enough of that on your actual vacation. There's a NY Bagel place that is pretty tasty- I prefer warm food rather than cold prepackaged sandwiches/salads, and this was one of the options that wasn't as ""smelly"" for disturbing other people on my flight when I got hungry.

I have found that the employees here are pretty efficient- security was backed up but not as bad as I'd expected. Flights leave on time if not slightly early and boarding started sooner than I expected. There was very little wait time or time spent on the tarmac, which is always a plus in my book. For those of you running late to your flight though, this might not be so great."
"Came here to pick up a game recommended by another location- original game I was seeking is apparently difficult to find. Staff was able to locate and hold the copy here, which I appreciated. When I came in to pick it up, it was even on sale at a reduced price because it was a preowned copy- maybe some would be annoyed that this wasn't disclosed earlier, but I like spending less for the same product.

Location can be tricky to find if the only directions you're given are ""Rainbow and Spring Mountain""- it's on Spring Mountain, sandwiched in the building with Panda Express on one end, and a Navy recruitment center in the middle."
"Don't be that person that comes here and gets basic Chinese takeout dishes and whines that this place is overpriced. I mean, you can (and they kind of are), but you're far better off doing their specialty dishes like the live seafood (always check the specials!) and hot pot. 

If you're not that adventurous, it's okay. You will be pleased with anything cooked salt and pepper style- shrimp (get it with the shell on), pork chops, and calamari (shout out to Amelinda for the suggestion!), are all good but the squid is best. 

NOTE: Despite the old-school diner-style exterior, it's nice inside with linen table cloths and waiters in vests. Maybe opt for takeout if you're wearing gym clothes."
"It can be hard to stand out in a city of so many restaurants, but the funky-fresh fusion food and 80s beats worked for me! Rolled in solo and sat at the bar for the best lighting and service. Staff were attentive and engaging, happy to recommend dishes and make casual chitchat. 

I tried a few dishes and really liked the escargot takoyaki that Rod U praised months ago- but I have to point out that I'm not usually a takoyaki fan at all, so this version with wine-poached escargot (which I DO usually love) and a great garlic aioli is a rather unusual exception. The crab croquettes were also enjoyable, and reminiscent of the version served in a shoe over on the Strip for triple the price while the brussels sprouts were similar to other versions across the valley. But the real standout here was the dessert: vanilla soft serve sounds like a snooze but the chef-suggested topping combo of balsamic blueberries and sea salt graham crackers was an aria of flavors! 

They post featured specials on their social media, and many of those dishes tempt me to make the trek across town. I'll be back eventually for the clams and unagi dumplings!"
"I like 5 Guys as a chain- their product is usually pretty good for a quick service burger around $8, and I get it all the way with the grilled onions and mushrooms. But what always drives me nuts about this location in particular is that my cheese is never melted. I can open it right away, drive all the way back to work, set it on my desk and come back after a quick meeting, and the cheese is still cold and unmelted. No idea what the deal is, I don't run into this issue when I go to other locations. Service here is hit or miss, sometimes the dining room is clean and other times every table is dirty. Unless I'm really craving red meat, there are more consistent options in this plaza I prefer."
"This is actually really solid coffee, considering it's essentially a walk-up window attached to the Cheffini's hotdog trailer at the entrance of the Container Park. Good prices too- under $5 for a large white mocha (even better if you add peppermint). Friendly and quick staff, delicious beverages. The espressos and cappuccinos are also good, didn't taste burnt as a lot of low-quality coffee bars do. Unfortunately, the staff also didn't have any idea what ""kind"" of coffee they were brewing, or where it was from. Grab and go."
"Come here for the crazy murals, stay for the tasty Mexican food. Ignore the dated fast-food interior and focus on the unique guac, which is more of an avocado-green-salsa than an actual guacamole, but in a good way.

Not dissimilar to Roberto's, Gerardo's has roughly the same basic menu and comparable (if not a smidge lower) pricing. Staff is polite, but it's a one-man show so if you go with a group be prepared to wait. More of a grab-and-go kind of place.

Didn't notice a chile relleno on the menu, but they have tons of burritos (including breakfast), tacos, menudo on weekends, and a low priced daily special. My pick is the $2 3-piece taquitos, which come with cheese AND guac- most other places do one, not both."
"This place is slowly growing on me. I had a poor experience at the Sahara location, and have been reluctant to try this one- so far, so good though. Despite a slew of taco shops in this area, Los Tacos is always busy and seems to have good consistency. Bonus points for having a drive-thru, as I'm typically on the go when in this area.

Their tacos are a bit pricey- but they're also large. Tacos are stuffed with meat, and you gotta order them all the way with guac and sour cream for the best experience, which makes them about $5/each. But they were so large that I was unable to finish a second taco! So far, the asada has been the hands-down favorite, while the al pastor has been greasy. I keep meaning to come back for the lengua, but the al pastor has my heart. 

The menu is straightforward and I stick to the tacos. They have a salsa bar but charge for chips, which I am not a big fan of. I AM a big fan of their green salsa though- and if you like spice, ask for the special red sauce. You're welcome."
"Bibim Kitchen is one of the latest fast-casual spots to hit Henderson, and the healthy slant of the menu is much appreciated. Fans of Korean bibimbap will be happy to find the grab-and-go version available here, customizable with your choice of rice, protein, greens, toppings, and sauces. Those with specialized diets are easily accommodated with salmon and tofu offerings for pescatarians, vegetarians, and vegans. The space itself is comfortable and cute, with competent service. 

I came with a friend and we opted for two Classic bowls- one salmon, one spicy pork, both with purple rice and a variety of toppings. Though the topping portions are inconsistent between staff, the overall portion sizes are quite generous and the flavors mix well together. Favorite toppings included the shiitake mushrooms and avocado. They only have a few sauces, but you can mix them for the right balance of spicy and sweet. For a $1 more you can opt for a hot stone bowl or add an egg on top!

Happy to have yet another healthy option to hit up after a workout at the Eastern LVAC. The only downside to this location is that they're closed on Sundays, so if you live across town you may have to plan ahead. Hoping they do well enough to expand to the west side, great concept!"
"This Texas transplant loves BBQ, despite my part time vegan tendencies. When I go out of town, I have to try a barbecue joint, in the hopes that I find better than Vegas. Joe's was a gem! The location has indoor and outdoor seating, and it speaks to their quality that they've been in business now 19 years.

Layout is a little different, with a walkup cafeteria style ordering system- don't be surprised if the line stretches down the dining room, out the door, and around the building, the line moves pretty quick. Definitely have someone in your group stake out a table, or expect to sit community-style.

Went for the sampler plate to get a little bit of everything: plate comes with two massive ribs, pork and brisket (sliced please!), and chicken (they didn't ask for preference but I received a breast). The portion is said to be about 3/4lb, and it seemed even bigger. Great value for $13! Added on sides of mac and a salad (comes with a thousand island style dressing). While I couldn't rave about everything on my plate, the brisket is nicely fatty without being too marbled and the chicken is well-seasoned. Note that the side of ""cheesy potatoes"" is an au gratin version no one at our table of 6 liked. Don't leave without getting their sweet potato pie- it's great! Huge portion, low price, easily shareable, great southern sweetness to end your meal.

Staff, in addition to running the line smoothly and clearing tables quickly, are friendly and upbeat to match the southern charm of the place. Seems like Joe's has what it takes to stick around another 19 years!

TIP: In a rush? They have a takeout window, call ahead. They also do catering."
"There are plenty of places in Vegas that make food that is pretty enough to be art. But those places are usually on the Strip, ridiculously priced, and likely just as bad for your waistline as your wallet. Enter Eatt: a French-run bistro-style lunch joint with a focus on healthy, fresh foods. I don't think I could have dreamed it up.

Over the past month, I've been by a handful of times and tried the majority of the menu. Favorites include the quiche (perfect for a late breakfast!), the salmon club (it even travels well!), and the ratatouille rolls (I grab them as a side for my protein at home). The broccoli-guacamole was an interesting app (and I'd love to see what they could do with a pea version!) but the desserts are where they shine.

The menu lists which desserts are healthier and which are more indulgent, which is helpful as they all look amazing. The strawberry-rhubarb macaron (healthy side) was a delight, but the Exotic Fruits (combining coconut, passion fruit, and matcha) recommended by the staff was even better, reminding me of Yonaka's desserts with the beautiful plating and Japanese flavor influence. 

Staff provides excellent service, Nicolas in particular always looks genuinely happy to help each patron. The interior is a fun mix of modern furniture and garden decor accents, complete with miniature terrariums on the tables. So glad this spot opened in such a convenient location- now I can grab a great meal before or after the gym, without compromising on flavor or my goals!"
"Customizable pizzas in minimal time is not a novel concept: several chains with this style have sprung up recently and I kind of had higher hopes for Pieology. Their featured pies list is small, but the emphasis is obviously on designing your own dinner. 

Last time I did this, at another chain, I designed something less than delightful, so I decided to play it safe with the Smokin' Buffalo Chicken. ""Blazin' Buffalo"" has a better ring to it, but I digress.
Pie was topped with olive oil (seemed unnecessary), mozzarella and a scant sprinkle of (flavorless) gorgonzola, plain chicken (spicy was also available but not offered?), a ton of red onion slices (a second glance verifies they aren't in the menu description), sub mushrooms instead of cilantro, and add on a buffalo-sauce drizzle after a trip to the oven. As far as taste: the cheese was sort of flavorless, buffalo sauce flavor was dominant, the crust was almost cracker-like with it's crispness. Kind of ""meh.""

Staff is in need of training. Didn't see a manager around, the assembly-line seemed confused about whether I wanted the buffalo or barbecue pizza (hence the inclusion of the obnoxious amount of red onion), and the guy I interacted with most was extremely soft-spoken: I had to ask him to repeat everything because I couldn't hear him over the music. 
Mildly annoyed that no one offered to remake my pie when they realized they were adding the barbecue ingredients instead of the buffalo ones- the giant slices of red onion were a turn off and not supposed to be on the pie at all, but I pointed this out and it was not corrected.

A good, cheap option in the Downtown Summerlin area- $8/meal is not bad, especially considering you should have leftovers. If I come back, I'll try a pesto-pepperoni creation."
"I cannot understand how this location is always busy. For a chain restaurant, the quality isn't bad but it's not a place to go out of my way to visit. BF's craving for soup prompts most of our visits.

Their pick-two lunch specials are a good value: pair anything with their white cheddar steak sandwich and you're pretty much guaranteed at least a half-way satisfying meal. The bread bowls are a huge, carby indulgence, well-priced at $6- best with either the clam chowder or the broccoli cheddar. 

Service is okay. Line seems to move slowly, and it's nice that they use the GPS beepers to bring the meal out to your exact table, but several tables go dirty after patrons clear their trash and leave- the place is set up to encourage people bussing their own tables, but they should still have staff around wiping down, and I didn't see this happening. Makes for few seating options after a rush."
"I've been looking forward to Partage since it opened, envious of friends who have gone in and raved about the dishes and shared photos of their amazing meal. Finally managed to get a reservation to come in with a friend but unfortunately found my experience somewhat underwhelming. Perhaps for best experience, one needs to come in with a group for the large-format menu and dine at the chef's table.

Menu is comprised of preset coursed options (5, 7, and 9) or the opportunity to share their small plates. Coursed options seem fairly priced but we opted for small plates (portions priced per person) figuring we could try more dishes and order extras of the ones we liked most. Across the board, dishes were interesting more than they were enjoyable in terms of flavor, despite ordering proteins we prefer. 

CHEESE PLATE: trio of cheeses with (amazing!) house-made butter, really enjoyed the selections here (vegan version available)
SALMON TRILOGY: three-bite presentation with three preparations, liked two of the three, excluding the horseradish dome.
SCALLOP: nice combination of flavors due to the citrus preparation but felt this would've been better served seared.
OCTOPUS: ordered two automatically because I usually love anything involving octo, didn't care for the coco beans and octopus itself could have been more tender but had a good char for flavor
BUTTERNUT: fun presentation, incredibly smooth veloute texture, the pops of flavor from the mushrooms and truffle were great
RABBIT: the menu description of a ""mont blanc"" presentation explained the appearance but did not prepare me for the oddly sweet flavors of this dish, overwhelmed instead of complementing the (slightly dry) rabbit itself
BEEF: server said this dish was the one mainstay on their ever-changing menu, and for good reason- easily the best dish of the night, oxtail prepared with bone marrow and sandwiched in garlic truffle bread, would order this again!
DESSERT: ILE FLOTTANTE: beautiful dessert, the orange zest crystal tuile added texture to an otherwise mild custard cream, good dessert choice for those who don't like them especially sweet

I can only speak to my experience but most dishes were in the ""interesting"" category rather than something that I genuinely enjoyed eating but I did enjoy the experience and innovation. Service was so attentive and personable, atmosphere is intimate, and menu can accommodate nearly any dietary restrictions, which is a huge plus. That said, I'd carefully pick my next experience here and go with the aforementioned large-format items that seem to pack the most punch."
"The food is solid, and HH has some pretty good deals... but the service is terrrrrible- hit up HH 4:30-6PM for food and drinks at half price or less, but show up half an hour before you want anyone acknowledge you. No exaggeration. Oh, and then double check your receipt to be sure you were actually charged HH price instead of regular. 

DUCK FAT FRIES + TOMATO JAM: All of my LA friends raved about duck fat fries like four years ago and I never tried them. These are some damn near perfect fries, but I was expecting some sort of distinct ""duck fat"" flavor and didn't really pick up on one. The tomato jam seems to just be a house-made ketchup with a bit of spice to it.
STRAWBERRY + CHAMPAGNE + WALNUT + GOAT: It's a salad, fresh for summer. Instead of goat cheese crumbles or large circles, the cheese is served as a ""fondue"" on the plate. I found the sauce a little light on flavor and missed the texture it usually brings to a salad.
""COBB"" SALAD: Good portion, $6 for HH. Very fresh, lots of ingredients, cut to the proper size, and something I would get again even though it's far from a unique dish.
TUNA + RADISH + TARO CHIPS + SPICE: The taro chips are huge and provide great texture. The poke itself was spicier than I expected but was exceptionally fresh. Not sure I'd get this again though. 
EGGS + BACON ""PORK BELLY"": Cue the hallelujah choir! Perfectly poached egg, generous and thick cut of pork belly, drizzled with a delightful hollandaise with a slight sweetness to it, all atop a thin slice of toast. I'll wake up early every day if this is for breakfast!
CRAB CAKE JUMBO LUMP + FENNEL + LEMON VERBENA AIOLI: Slightly salty but otherwise great! Made with very little filler, allowing the simple ingredients to shine. Server said this also had a Tabasco tobiko that I really enjoyed. Pretty pricey though at $17 regularly, a steal at $10 during HH.
SHORT RIB ""HARLOT"" + HORSERADISH + FRIED ONION: It looked dry and didn't have much sauce, but was very tender and shredded easily. The fried onions and butter potatoes were simple but perfectly executed. 
SWEET HEAT SQUID: Calamari in a sweet and sour sauce, with julienned apples. Fresh, good variety of textures, generous portion for HH. BF really enjoyed this.
SHRIMP GRITS: Not a great version. Several shrimp, bland sauce, overcooked grits. This was a bit saucier than I liked and needed seasoning. Would not get this again, it's on the HH menu and I think it's priced appropriately there.
MUSSELS: The broth was missing something, but was nicely fragrant with a large portion. The accompanying garlic bread was perfectly soft on the inside and crusty on the outside. Would get this again.

The food is pretty decent. Bar staff are friendly, but I have twice been assigned to a server who waited nearly a half hour to show up at my table, and nearly as long to bring the check. Given my two dismal service experiences during HH, it's not a place I'm willing to return for a full meal."
"One of my biggest Vegas restaurant regrets is that I didn't make it to the Montesano's Italian restaurant across town before they closed last year. Luckily, they're back in business on my side of town so I can pop by frequently! They took over a bagel shop and upgraded the product and vastly expanded the bakery offerings, adding tons of cookies and cakes. The traditional black and whites are enormous and only $3, while the giant tray of coffee cake is probably going to be my next business breakfast contribution.

My go-to order here is the Nova lox sandwich. At $10, I can customize my bagel (or bialy) and house-made schmear choice without an upcharge. I usually go savory with Everything, Cheddar, or Onion, but always get the scallion cream cheese. Bagels are always notably fresh and have just the right chew, and the lox is portioned well. Even going during peak weekday breakfast hours, they get me in and out and back on the road super quick (and with a smile!), and the portion is enough for breakfast and lunch. I've also tried the pastrami sando, which was super tender (add mustard!), but usually stick to the above. All sandwich orders come with a side and pickle, making more than enough food even if you're ravenous."
"Always get rental coverage with your car insurance. Enterprise is partnered with mine, and they've been great the couple of times I've needed to use them when my vehicle was out of commission.

Most recently, I called this location for pickup at a garage nearby and even with a last-minute call (due to a mixup with the garage), they were there within half an hour. Adam at pickup was great, very informative and helpful getting me settled into a giant Cadillac SUV (big difference from my usual 10 year old coupe). Deposit, gas level, insurance, and return info all clearly communicated. Much better experience here than with Hertz."
"TLDR: I've heard good things about Honeymee and was excited to try the Vegas location at FSM. I was underwhelmed by the product and felt it was a poor value coupled with poor service. 

My $8 ice cream cone (i5 on red velvet with added honey drizzle) was received half-melted and with no attention to detail: tiny swirl atop a stale cone comparable in size to a McDonald's 99cent version, with honey dripping down the cone rather than drizzled on top. It took an extended amount of time to ring me up- card was taken, then total price displayed ranged from $6-9 with various upcharges without explanation before they ran the card. I attempted to voice my concerns but staff did not seem interested in feedback. 

I realize the business is new and Strip rent is high but Honeymee needs more attention to detail, especially if they're going to add $1+ to their LA prices and double topping fees. I've done some ridiculous things to get a good food photo but I was unable to even get that, unfortunately."
"This is probably my least favorite location in town- and the smallest, and consequently there is less selection/stock, yet the prices seemed a bit higher here. Majority of merchandise here seems to be stuffed animals, pillows, and the like. Snack selection and Hello Kitty merchandise was limited (no green tea Kit Kats, couldn't find a basic gift). Music was blasting, the lone employee present was rearranging shelving and did little to interact with customers."
"I've never been super into tea, but this fall and winter it's been my beverage of choice. I headed into Teavana not knowing what to expect, and was a bit blown away by their samples, flavors, and products: so much variety!

Service is friendly, staff is available to discuss different tea types and steeping times and debate the merits of bagged versus loose-leaf, but much of this was over my head. I received several samples, and the gingerbread citrus and Oprah's Chai both stood out to me- super flavorful, not too sweet. Some other varieties were overly perfumed or infused and had just too much going on for my simple tea tastes.

Great place to stop for gifts, glad that they offer samples to try before you buy, you can easily spend quite a bit here without really trying."
"Of course there's a juice bar at downtown Summerlin. SkinnyFats's sister business is a few doors down from their restaurant, offering their juice club program (free month with checkin) and a small menu of (mostly vegan) dishes.

So far, I've only tried the juices. The pitaya lemonade is a favorite, while the GreenMile is really well balanced with a slight sweetness - but comparable to other, pricier juice shops. The $6-8 bottles are fairly priced, and their loyalty club brings them down even further ($3/ea with $10 monthly fee). I believe they also carry kombucha. 

TIP: Free coffees in the morning, till 11AM & free month of juice club membership with Yelp checkin"
"This is a beautifully maintained park tucked right behind the busy Charleston/Town Center intersection and shopping center- don't blink, or you'll miss the turn after a rehab facility. Considering how close it is to businesses, it's surprisingly quiet here. 

There are a few looped trails and a set of stairs leading down into the wash, with a beautiful wooden bridge leading to some brilliantly green clearings. Landscaping is all natural dessert plants, but not limited to the half-dead-looking sticks and cacti varieties. Pavilions cover picnic tables and barbecue grills. It really is a great hidden spot.

Downsides: be careful of glass in the gravel areas, go to the bathroom before you arrive because there are no facilities, and heads up that you may not find any parking. The rehab facility next door has way more visitors than they have parking spaces, so the lot for the park itself is typically full despite the fact that I rarely run into anyone here."
"Great salad bar, fancy sandwiches, and surprisingly upscale ""healthy"" food for a deli- location is frequently busy but has a large dining room to accommodate their large crowds of customers. If ordering to-go, they offer online and phone-in orders with a  separate counter entirely for takeout meals, which makes things go quicker.

They have about eight soups, most of which are fairly good but unfortunately they run out of some pretty frequently- last two times I've been, the broccoli cheese and tomato basil were both out. Less-common picks like the seafood gumbo are pretty solid, if a little heavy on the salt.

They have a soft-serve cone station for the dine-in salad bar participants, but I'd rather splurge on dishes like their salmon or chicken Veracruz if I want something hearty. Lots of options here. Maybe steer clear of the stuffed baked potatoes unless you're planning to split them among an entire family- they're enormous."
"Apparently while I was out of town for the holidays, this spot underwent a name change- same staff, same product and menu, same quality, just a name change to show they'd ""merged with the owner's first restaurant."" Which was already common knowledge.

The crew that opened SOHO now has this place: sushi, in burritos, some with Mexican influences. Sushi burritos on their own aren't new, the Jogasaki truck from LA rolls into town whenever we have food festivals and Sushirrito is a hit in SF, but I'm glad to see we finally have an option here- especially from a place that does it fresh, fast, and friendly.

Walk up and order, Chipotle-style. Customize your creation in a wrap (soy paper, seaweed, or tortilla) or bowl, with raw fish or simply chicken/beef options. Tortilla or taro chips, edamame, and mochi are also options.

The ROCKPORT is my favorite so far- soft shell crab, spicy tuna, surimi crab, jalapeno, tobiko, cucumer, red onion, chipotle mayo, and sweet anguilla sauce. Every ingredient harmonizes, would maybe add avocado or guac but it's pretty perfect as-is.
The MISSION (salmon, sushi ebi, cream cheese, pico de gallo, tortilla strips, romaine, yuzu guac, and tomatillo shiso sauce) channels some south-of-the-border flavor but seemed to be missing something- maybe add a spicy element like sriracha or jalapenos to perk it up a bit.
The REDONDO was runner up- packed with ingredients I love but somehow not the explosion of flavors my tastebuds had anticipated.
TARO CHIPS: rather heavily seasoned with furikake (and some other stuff?), these were sweeter than expected and served with a cup of toxic-orange gas-station nacho cheese. The sweet-savory combination oddly worked, but I can't say I'd get it again. 

Service is super friendly. Vibe is crazy-positive. This location is way more convenient to me than SOHO, so I'll probably pop by pretty often. Average price per signature 'rrito is ~$11, and they are filling."
"Best buffet in town for a reason- it's the best. Most buffets have a few great options, a few solid options, and a few filler options. Not the case at Bacchanal. Everything is stellar here. 

Price is high because quality is too. Best bet is to go late for weekday breakfast. 10:15 or 10:30 is a good time to get breakfast pricing (and their bfast options are amazing!), but still be able to stick around a bit for some of the lunch dishes if you pace yourself.

Massive selection, from charcuterie and pizza to sushi and some of the best dim sum, fresh-squeezed bottled juices,  shrimp and Jonah crab claws, multiple types of Benedicts, and a whole host of Mexican and Chinese options. The dessert stand will blow your mind, too."
"Just a heads up: it's NEAPOLITAN pizza.
It's ""soggy"" in the middle, the toppings are applied sparingly, and each pizza is about the size of a Frisbee- ON PURPOSE. You will likely need to use a fork to consume your pie. Go ahead and Google ""NEAPOLITAN pizza"" if you don't believe me, I'll wait.

Now that you know what to expect, you can disregard all of the reviews posted by those who didn't. The walk-up ordering counter leaves something to be desired in terms of service. Their featured pies should be better, considering they're featured. Don't waste time on the salads or ""small bites"", but take note of the burrata options: beet, artichoke/olive, tomato/pesto, and prosciutto/melon. Unexpectedly well executed.

Unless you want a Margherita pizza, most other styles here will not have sauce- I personally prefer the Verde style with pesto, add mushrooms and/or truffle cheese and/or prosciutto if you like. If you're feeling especially adventurous, try the BLT, with bacon jam, arugula, and cherry tomatoes. It's a very confusing party for your mouth."
"Since my first visit, I've popped in a few more times to grab a quick drink while in the downtown area but it wasn't until Restaurant Week that I gave their food another try. M&F had a $20 three course breakfast, including a latte, which was a great deal.

ICED LAVENDER LATTE: The way to my heart, served in a Ball jar. My server said this drink was best cold, and I have to agree with her. It was light and refreshing to prepare for the day's crazy heat.
AVOCADO TOAST: Lightly toasted golden bread with avocado, tomato, and queso fresco. Avocado toast is a favorite quick breakfast of mine and I enjoyed this version.
AREPA BENNY: Enjoyed this combination of flavors again, egg was perfectly poached, the arepa makes a great, solid base for this dish. Surprised I haven't seen more versions crop up around town.
BIONICO SHOOTER: Essentially a mini-parfait, with Greek yogurt, fresh fruit, and granola, this was a nice bit of sweetness to end the morning meal. 

I really like the trendy-cool but still cozy-local vibe this place rocks. Covered patio seating is available if you get there early enough that it's not too hot. There's bar seating with outlets if you need to multitask and get some work done. Bathrooms are in the back, shared with Hopnuts next door."
"Dutch Bros drinks are so tasty! Love the friendly staff, seasonal menu specials, and overall product- I can never decide what to get due to all the specialized drinks, but they're always great about making recommendations. My current favorite is the nonfat iced pumpkin chai.

I've been on this side of town more recently since joining TruFusion, and it's hard not to stop here to get a pick me up before or after my workout- the plain nonfat iced coffees and various teas are reliable options, and they also have an energy drink. I appreciate that the calories are listed on the menu, which allows me to make better choices.

The drive thru line usually looks intimidatingly long but goes fast- sometimes I do the walkup route and it hasn't really been any faster. I do like that once my drink order was lost and they offered a stamp card to apologize for the extended wait! Such great service."
"I drove by for months and didn't realize this place was open, because their signage is falling apart and windows are covered by faded food photos. But they are indeed open for business, whether you're in the mood for classic Mexican baked goods, pizza, tacos, custom-made cakes, or burritos. Yeah, the menu is all over the place and I have no idea why.

Played it safe with a carne asada torta ($6) and was wowed by the massive size- it filled the entire takeout box! Unfortunately, the bread was soggy with beans so it was falling apart. I was also disappointed that it did not have any avocado. The carne asada was nicely seasoned with good flavor, but oddly chewy and stringy.

Came back for a different dish with a different meat, sticking to sopes ($2/ea) and chicken- bland all the way around, from the gummy fried masa shell to the dry and unseasoned chicken. Maybe their baked goods and pizzas fare better, but I don't intend to find out. Note that the staff only speaks spanish, but happily this is NOT a cash-only business as I originally assumed."
"This is one of the few antique stores in town that has a substantial amount of furniture- so much so, that it overflows onto their patio! Good pricing, too. Variety of styles represented, and lots of SALE stickers. Interior of store was a bit cramped, seemed like they have a surplus of stock- staff indicated that they are flexible with pricing."
"Shiraz recipe for success: take Origin India owner Raja Majid, add Chef Jainine Jaffer, takeover Habib location, and voila! Menu spans Persian, Indian, and Pakistani dishes from the owner's and chef's backgrounds, resulting in a surprising variety and plenty of vegetarian options.

I've come in for happy hour and dinner, and picked up takeout. Dishes are consistently fresh and well-portioned, with robust flavors. The pomegranate chicken wings and garlic feta fries are favorites from the app menu, and their garlic naan is a must-order for me. The pakoras, samosas, and saag paneer make good choices, while the mutton korma was a bit heavy-handed with a particular spice but overall had a good heat level and ample protein. Takeout biryani was ready on time, no issues with pickup as mentioned in other reviews, made a great lunch. 

Service is very friendly, with both chef and owner making frequent dining room appearances. Server on most recent visit was great about making recommendations and bartender was personable during HH. Dishes were brought out without serving plates, rice, etc. but this was quickly corrected. The ambiance and decor here make this a solid date night spot, they have live music and events as well."
"A favorite local casino- easy to access, plenty of parking, movie theater and bowling alley for those of us who don't gamble. Also lots of dining options, from more high-end, sit-down style to classic food court options including Baja Fresh and Ben & Jerry's. 
Casino layout is easy to navigate, staff is friendly and helpful, and the sportsbook is big enough to always find seating- and it is one of the nicer local casino 'books, too.
Sad to hear the rumor that the Pinks closed, but you're still likely to find me here at the theater fairly often."
"As I paid for my parking and strolled up, my nose was greeted with fragrant herbs and Vietnamese food smells. This definitely increased my expectations. I like the open interior and feel of the place, clever to bring a cuisine that has virtually no comparable competition in the area. That said, it'll do in a pinch but you're better off making the trek to Spring Mountain for better flavors.

Ordered the Le Pho rolls to start, shared the House Special pho and Vietnamese Poached Chicken Salad. No effort was made to course dishes: my guy's soup came out before anything else, followed by our app, and my salad trailed along a little after. We were one of two tables. Our server overall was impersonal and disinterested. 

Pho was decent- broth was not quite as developed as I'd like, but portion was on par with average.  Namesake rolls were the favorite dish- popped with flavor, thanks to the garlic garnish, something I'd order again. Salad section seems to be on the menu to cater the healthy crowd but arrives looking like a plate of garnishes and no effort. Chicken was dry, portion was small, flavor lacking overall. 

TIP: Maybe also avoid the sandwich section of menu- a friend warned me the $10 bahn mi, even factoring the lack of competition, isn't worth even half the price."
"Tacos please me, but so do taquitos- and MGT's Cinco de Mayo taquito special is what brought me clear across town to this location! Hopefully they'll eventually add this as a full time menu staple, because the rolled tacos topped with cheese, sour cream, and guac was tasty and a good portion for the price. Staff were friendly even when I barged in the minute they opened. Don't forget to snap a photo with the taco mirror, raid the salsa fridge, and check in on your Yelp app for a free agua fresca!"
"The first rule of farmers markets is that you don't talk about them to the uninitiated.
The second rule of farmers markets is that you disregard the first rule when you encounter someone who will use the information for good.

So gather close, because I won't say this twice: the Vegas farmers market is at the Gardens Park location (an actual park in the middle of a neighborhood) on Thursdays from 4-8PM.

Don't get there AT four, because no one else is- but 6PM is perfect. 
It's fairly small, but I'm hoping more businesses join as the weather gets more bearable after summer ends.

This visit, there were two different farms represented with fresh produce, Winder Farms promoting their home delivery, a gourmet pet food delivery, a gourmet sauces/popcorn/snacks lady, a hot dog stand, and Frozen Frog.

Everyone appeared to offer the options of taking cash and cards (in the age of Square, you're really doing yourself a disservice if you don't), and everyone was quite friendly.

3.5 stars, rounding up for the potential and the fact that summer is probably their off season- less produce and insane temperatures would drive me away, too."
"For the longest time, I drove past this place thinking it was called the ""Clam Jumper"". Now that I know better... well, I still call it that anyway. It's not bad for what it is: a junior Cheesecake Factory knockoff with a giant menu of massive portions of super-caloric food and laughably huge cake slices for dessert (for $11, natch). 

SLIDERS were dry and overcooked, served with LTOP but no condiment sauces? Enjoyed the good-quality thick-cut cheddar, selected side of SPICY THAI SLAW which was actually really fresh and light.
BF got the TRI TIP PLATE, meat was a bit tough but well seasoned with a tasty demi sauce, sided with nice roasted veggies and some dismal mashed potatoes. Added a large cup of the CHICKEN TORTILLA SOUP, which was actually really flavorful!

Portions were huge, left stuffed. Service was friendly. Much like CF, menu doesn't really have a focus so it's hard to decide what to order."
"This crazy-good chicken shop is taking over Las Vegas. I've been a fan since their first location opened by my work, and it's a go-to spot for me to grab a healthy-ish meal on every side of town these days. This location, formerly a breakfast and lunch spot, has ample parking and patio seating. 

I'm not often in the SW area but have popped by a couple of times now for my chicken fix- the half-chicken plate is a great deal and more than enough food, and the cheese boureks are a nice treat every so often. They were also a vocal participant in Veganuary, with a specialized falafel plate with hummus, sarma (rolled grape leaves), salad, and quinoa. I do suggest the panini over the wraps, as their pita bread is especially thin and tears easily- I'm hoping with time, they'll try to make a better version. 

TIP: My walk-in orders have taken a touch longer here, maybe order online in advance with GrubHub if you're in a rush."
"I usually don't waste my time with chain restaurants, but I've heard a lot of raves about Dunkin' Donuts coffee- when this location sprung up near me, I hurried over to try it. And was distinctly underwhelmed. 

I was surprised by the variety of the menu, though- in addition to iced and hot coffee drinks, the menu includes the namesake donuts, and various breakfast sandwiches. They have an order of oatmeal available as their lone healthy option.

This location does have a drive-thru, which is convenient. Service was a bit spotty, which is to be expected as they are new. Prices are on par with other coffee chains. Avoid the latte lites, which are straight-up aspartame."
"Came in to grab a late take out lunch- saw the chicken shwarma praised in other reviews and ordered the sandwich. Half of the shop is a grocery and half is a restaurant. After placing my order, I I wandered around the grocery portion while waiting for my order.

Earned an extra star for having my favorite cheese here! It's a sheep milk feta, and it's in the back refrigerator in a square metal can with a pull-tab lid. Brand stars with a V, I never remember what it's called but you'll recognize it or you can ask for it. It's $14 and overpriced (you can find it for $10 in SF) but damn good.

Back to my takeout order.
Walked out with my food under five minutes after placing my order, it aws hot and fresh and had just been made.Sandwich was heavy and large, wrapped in several pieces of foil, probably about 9-10"" long.

Got home and devoured it- chicken was hot and fresh but a tad underseasoned, veggies and pita were fresh, but the garlic sauce was a little light for my liking. Per the menu, the garlic sauce is garlic and olive oil which is a little boring. Overall, I found the ingredients to be of good quality but the sandwich seemed to be a bit on the bland side."
"Owner is super friendly- he'll tell you all about his decades-long history as a pizzeria owner back in California, and everything that led him to open this store! Interior is nicely decorated, classy for a place that offers by-the-slice and whole pies.

Specialty pizza list is extensive, their best seller is the phenomenal-sounding chicken parmagiana. Lunch specials available by the slice, with toppings, for $5 and $7, with and without a side salad and drink. In addition to pies, they also have sandwiches.

Crust here is unique- crispy, with a touch of garlic, almost cracker-like, and slightly burned with a good char. Fresh toppings are used, and produce in salads is fresh too- not sure if the dressings are homemade though."
"The classic lobby bar: Cosmopolitan style! Swanky and opulent, the Chandelier Bar is a gorgeous place to stop for a drink before or after dinner at any of the surrounding restaurants.

 The bartenders are just fine (not very personable in my experiences), and the drink prices are a little higher than average on the Strip ($15-18). I've yet to stop by when there is live music as others mention. 

I like how the cocktail menu varies depending on which section you're in, nice touch. Come early or be prepared to wait for seating. Great spot for photos."
"Head upstairs at the D for a better bar experience than Long Bar. It's smaller, but the experience at Vue is significantly better. Drinks are cheap, service is friendly, and there are a couple of TVs to watch a game. You'll have to multitask though, because all the seats at the bar have built in gaming. There are a couple of high top tables if that's not your thing.

The biggest draw here is the balcony, with a great view of Fremont Street- you don't even need a drink to enjoy it, and it's just far enough above the chaos observe for entertainment without actually having to interact with the unsavory characters in the area. Good spot to grab a drink before dining on site."
"I dined at Kame a full week ago and I still can't quite wrap my head around the experience other than to say that the freshness, presentation, quality, and service are all amazing. Went with a group of regulars and reserved the entire counter for our group. In addition to three chefs preparing our meal in front of us, there were three servers behind us attending to drinks and course changes, and anticipating any other needs. As David D puts it, this is a quintessential 5-Star restaurant. 

As for the meal itself: let me just say that the regulars we went with say it's their favorite, and they're either from or regularly travel to Japan. They say it is the closest you can get to the traditional omakase experience. From the appetizer trio we started with, through so many courses I lost count, every detail was on point. There were a couple of bites that were not my favorite (milte, the delicacy that is buttery fish sperm) but the overwhelming impression of live lobster and shrimp sashimi, hot-rock seared Wagyu (with certification), uni and ikura nigiri, a delicate seafood pasta course, and an aromatic uni rice dish topped with gold flake that was easily my favorite bite of the night was exceedingly positive. Even with 8 other attentive food-focused diners in attendance, I felt like I needed a stenographer beside me to keep track of the dish descriptions and preparation details! 

You will spend a pretty penny dining here but in addition to the amazing meal, being able to directly interact with the chefs and watch the preparation is part of the experience. Even the dessert chef came in to present the final bite of the night to us personally. Perhaps because we were with regulars who are friends of the chef, our experience was even more interactive and fun than would typically be expected but everyone was professional and personable. This is truly a special dining experience and I am glad we were able to partake of one of Chef Eric Kim's final services before he moves to his new location in Chinatown!"
"After living in Vegas for a year, I'm used to going to places with high ratings/reviews and being underwhelmed. This place lived up to the hype! Large, meaty wings in great sauces, with surprisingly tasty shoestring fries- and I don't even like the shoestring cut! Service was also surprisingly friendly and prompt, so don't let the location and exterior fool you.

The #4 combo is the way to go for a little of everything: 3 wings, 3 strips, fries, a drink (fountain), and toss in bleu cheese or ranch for just under fifty cents extra. Your total is under $10 and it's enough to stuff you to the gills or share (though for dinner I'd add on an extra 6-piece).

Habanero honey and jamaican jerk are really tasty sauces- as my BF said, I'd buy these bottled if they were available! The bleu cheese dressing tastes homemade, which makes paying extra for it a little less annoying.

Wish they had more than one location- I think they'd do well on the West side (hint, hint)."
"Came in yesterday for a chest xray, as referred by my doctor. Xrays here are walk in only, and only til 5PM. I left work early and it wasn't too busy but I feel like they must have forgotten about me- and/or their system is extremely inefficient.

Entered, picked up paperwork, completed it, and sat there for half an hour. Went up to desk to inquire, was told I was ""next"". Sat there for another half hour before being called to a window to literally watch someone input my data? Side note, she had no idea how to process my insurance despite signage all around the room about how excited they were to be covering (my particular company) again. Only after that, 1.25 hours after arrival, was I called back for the 5 minute procedure. By then, the waiting room had completely emptied and refilled, and clearly it's a quick process. Not thrilled but it's the closest location to my office."
"What's with all the cheese steak spots opening up lately? Famous Philly makes good ones, but unless you go to Cal Ranch you're never going to happen upon their location- they're at the far end of a mostly deserted parking lot. Location is a little run down and most of their business is takeout.

Their cheese steaks are available in steak or chicken, and the chicken one was surprisingly decent. A regular is $8 but get two since it's just $11 and you'll have dinner for two or a huge dinner and lunch for the next day. Other menu items include burgers, gyros, chicken shawarma. Service was friendly."
"I don't frequent chain restaurants often, but Red Robin is one that I've found to be fairly consistent- surprisingly large menu for a burger spot, easy to accommodate various diet requests and requirements, typically friendly staff.

Came in armed with a free birthday burger coupon (join their e-club for yours!) and opted for the Arctic Cod, in a lettuce wrap. Subbed a cup of chili for the fries, and added on a wedge salad. Food arrived hot and fresh, chili had a good spicy kick to it, service at the bar was attentive and engaging throughout.

 While the service is good and the food isn't bad, their meals are extremely average for the $10-15/pp pricing, hence why my visits are pretty rare (maybe twice a year). 

Note that the bar is not visible from the entry- possibly to preserve the family-friendly-feel? Go in and hang a left to find it. Bonus points for being one of the few stand-alone restaurants in the Downtown Summerlin area, making for easier parking."
"Not only do they have hotpots here, they can even accommodate a takeout order! For under $20, you can feed two full-size adults a spicy, seafood-laden meal. Would suggest an extra side of rice, though.

The crawfish with cucumber(?) was what we got- can't remember the actual name but we easily had over a pound of crawfish. They're not in season so they were small and not the freshest, but the dish itself was a good combination of chilis, seafood, and veggies- the sauce was addictively spicy and delicious.

Would go back for one of their popular lamb dishes, but would choose to dine in. Though they can do takeout, it's not the best way to experience the cuisine. But hey, if you're in a crunch..."
"Both times I've been here there's only a single guy running the show: taking orders, making them, and serving them. All one guy. It's a lot for one person to handle.

Fish taco is huge- one is filling, but I'd personally ask for it without pico, as theirs has a ton of jalapeno in it that just overpowered the great fish for me. Burritos are a good size for a good price (under $5!), but you have to add on extras like cheese, sour cream, or guac. Still not a bad deal.

Salsa bar has five different options, all of which were tasty in their own way. Signage suggests customers only take what they need for their current meal, which strikes me as odd seeing as how fresh salsa doesn't actually keep all that long and this place has never been busy."
"Lots of Mediterranean places have popped up in this space: Opa, Plaka, and now Maza. New ownership, interior has had a face lift, cool bar area but no alcohol available yet. Menu mentions $7 lunch specials but I did not see any advertised. 

Ordered the chicken shwarma sandwich with rice, $10- hostess/server gave me a heads up that the dish ""isn't really a shwarma, it's made in a pan"". Decided to give it a try anyway, and the meat and seasonings are okay but it was served, inexplicably, in a giant hoagie bun. When I am at a Mediterranean restaurant, I expect a sandwich to come on pita or lavash, this bun was way too much bread! 
The meat was of okay quality but sandwich was not served with any sort of sauce, just peppers, onions, and tomato, which gave the dish almost a fajita feel.
Option of rice or fries for my side, picked the rice, which was warm and soft, but after eating the sandwich breading, I couldn't take any more carbs.

Note that they have discount deals up on Yelp and Groupon, and a Yelp check in offer for a free piece of baklava, which was honored even for my take-out order."
"Every time I visit Lake Las Vegas, my social media inevitably blows up with numerous people saying they've lived in Vegas for X number of years but never knew this place existed. This area of town doesn't do much in the way of advertising, but LLVWS is on top of the Facebook marketing- they do various promos and events constantly.

I've been out a couple of times in the past few years, including a full moon night paddle event last summer, which was a fun time. Most recently, I went with a group from Meetup where we lunched nearby then reserved stand up paddle boards or kayaks for a couple hours. Prices are higher than I'd like (1hr SUP=~$30!) but there isn't anywhere else to go for this. On the up side, they aren't super strict about returning the minute your time runs out- the young staff at the dock are friendly and helpful too. This year, they've added an inflatable obstacle course ($25 for 45min) that is getting a lot of buzz, too. Other rental options include paddle boats and water bikes? Boats are slow, haven't tried the other yet.

TIP: Group discounts (10%) available. Book online and do waiver online to expedite. SUNBLOCK."
"It's a casino caffeine staple- location used to be a wine bar back in the LVH days, but now they serve morning and evening beverage purposes in one setting (though which one you opt for at what time is apparently flexible here in Vegas).

As other reviews mention, a drink and pastry will set you back $10- but my iced chai was just right and my bear claw was beautiful, so I guess I don't blame them. Prices aren't so absurdly high that you'll compare it to highway robbery, and some people find the fact that they brew Starbucks coffee comforting (probably the same people who kept the on-site Pizza Hut in business).

Dine-in area is small but adequate, with ample people-watching overlooking the casino floor. Convenient location at main intersection of towers, just off the check in area."
"A kosher bakery? Yes please! In the same plaza as the German Bread Bakery? Double yes! Carb mecca up in here.

In addition to a case full of sweet and savory baked goods with fillings like cherries, potatoes, mushrooms, spinach, and cheese, there are various wraps, paninis, calzones, and burekas. And it's mostly vegetarian and kosher. 
Eggpant panini is delicious, but the House Special panini is probably even better, with zatar, pesto, egg, tomato, and cheese.  

If that's not enough, there are some dessert cakes available, a limited coffee menu, and also ice cream. Service is polite, decor is bright pinks and reds, and there's plenty of seating. 

Remember, they're closed on Saturdays for Sabbath!"
"We already have plenty of teriyaki chains in Vegas, and Teriyaki Brother is no different: menu of plates, apps, and boba beverages. Location is small and plain but clean, staff are really friendly. Their grand opening special is a $4.99 order of chicken teriyaki with rice and veggies. Unfortunately they either do not offer or were out of brown rice during my visit. On the up side, they aren't heavy handed with the teriyaki sauce as other places.   The best part:  their stamp card only requires 6 purchases for a free order, which is pretty easy to do. Delivery is free for $10+ orders in the surrounding area!"
"Great value: Thai food for roughly $7/plate, and it's a big plate! I prefer take out rather than dine-in from here, but all the noodle dishes are solid options (beef pad see eu and chicken pad thai being staples), as winter rolls out I'll be ordering heavily from the diverse soups offered.
Service is polite, interior is surprisingly upscale if poorly maintained, and the pricing really can't be beat- especially for Summerlin!"
"I was happy to see a legit coffee shop enter the downtown Summerlin area- M&F took over and transformed this space, adding their great coffees and an extensive all-day menu of Latin inspired favorites from breakfast through dinner, including vegan options and alcohol. 

Some of my favorite drinks and dishes here include the lavender latte with house-made syrup and the turmeric-coconut latte for something different. The breakfast empanadas are tasty and the arepa benedict is a good go-to for a first visit, but I'll need to return for the avocado relleno and sofrito burger. I hear good things about the coconut tres leches waffle if you're into sweeter options. 

But this really is more of a cafe than a coffee shop, set up more for dine-in service rather than grab and go. I've tried to pop in here to grab a drink on my way to work and there really isn't a good place to queue up and service has been consistently slow and somewhat disorganized. 

TIP: Happy Hour is 4-6PM with discounted food and drinks!"
"Not a bad little spot- seems like they're more known for their food, but we popped in for some drinks and watched a game at the bar. Their house red wine was a great smooth merlot (and a generous pour) that was a lot better than I was expecting, and my guy appreciated their Four Peaks Kilt Lifter on draft. We weren't particularly hungry but wanted to at least try their food. Unfortunately nothing really jumped out at us on the menu, but apparently dinner is where they shine, according to other reviews. The roasted brussels sprouts are a little boring but it's always good to see a vegetable available instead of just deep-fried junk.  Cute outdoor patio area seems nice for chilling at night!"
"Nora's is one of those places that is consistently good but somehow never on my radar unless I'm driving by- usually right after eating somewhere else. Luckily, a coworker insisted on dinner here so I finally got a chance to visit since their relocation, which puts their great food and attentive service (especially from Don!) in a suitably beautiful setting.

Started with a round of house salads, fresh with a great house dressing, plus their house garlic bread I raved about on my initial visit (spoiler alert: it's still amazing!). Tried the decadent carbonara, which I'll definitely be back for, but ultimately opted for my old standby, the Alla Nora (baked spaghetti topped with eggplant, meat sauce, and pesto) and was not disappointed. Kicked it up with a third course of chicken marsala and lamb shank, which was a huge, beautiful portion, perfectly cooked.  Might as well go big and have dessert after all that; the panna cotta topped with fresh berries was just sweet enough. I have no idea what witchcraft keeps me from thinking of Nora's when I want old-school carbs, but I'll be making a concentrated effort to visit more often.

NOTE: They seem even busier since moving, if that's even possible, and by 6PM on a weeknight there was a serious wait list. Reservations recommended, or snag a spot at the bar!"
"Another good local spot to get your holiday spirit on. Came with my guy and a thermos of hot chocolate, this was the first stop to kick off our Christmas Light Adventure Night. Location is easy to find, plenty of street parking, music playing or available at a posted radio station if you just want to watch from your car. Dress for the weather, the view outside is better.

Music spans classics to modern tunes (""Text Me Merry Christmas"", anyone?), and the whole house and yard are decked out in colorful LEDs. We stayed for 15-20 minutes and watched the house go through several songs, from serious to silly. I'd be interested in hearing more about how they set all of this up. And what their electric bill is for the month!"
"My first instinct is to berate this place for using the term ""beer garden"" only to offer the most basic of beers for 90% of their still-pretty-short beer menu. I personally don't consider Stella Cidre a ""specialty beer"" but whatever. The small outdoor area is nice to escape the casino smoke smell.

Food is decent- be aware that the burgers themselves are small. Though other reviews complain of the meat being overcooked and dry, mine was cooked to perfect medium rare- opted for the truffle burger and was pleasantly surprised by the harmonious but not overpowering flavors.  Hatch burger was decent, Mintilamism dessert was not worth writing home about. The service was, though... in a bad way.

First words from our server were ""Hi, I'll be with you guys in a few minutes."" Um, okay. A half hour later, she was able to help us. Everything was fine, aside from weird timing issues where our first round of drinks didn't come out until our burger. She was a lot friendlier an hour in when her shift was up and she was encouraging us to close our tab- not a problem. However, the server she handed us off to  never ONCE checked on us in the additional 90 minutes we stayed watching the second half of a Spurs game. No one did. For ninety minutes. There's that crappy SLS service I'd heard about.

Also, please note that though the booths come with private screens, in order to change the channel your server will have to ask the sports book staff- weird and inconvenient set up."
"The bright red floral chair covers here are easily the focal point of the dining room!  Decorative choices aside, the food is good and made with love! The restaurant name is a bit misleading, as they do offer several dumplings (arguably more than anywhere else in town?) but that does not seem to be their strongest dish. Note that the owners are Muslim and do not serve pork products. 

The cumin lamb was easily my favorite dish of the night! Juicy meat with grilled peppers and onions, with plenty of cumin seasoning and cilantro. A must-order. Other standouts include the hot oil and fish dish (can't remember the exact name), and the braised shrimp with sweet potato and bean sprouts. The blistered green beans are a safe side, and done well. 

About the dumplings: the juicy beef soup dumplings were both beefy and juicy, if you cold manage to get them without tearing. The lamb dumplings are the ones I was most looking forward to, and they were a bit bland. We tried one or two more varieties, and their flavors weren't really as distinct and robust as I'd hoped. I guess we shouldn't have spent so much time taking photos and talking, it seemed the quality went down as they cooled.  

Made reservations for a large group, and they were able to accommodate us- we moved to their large party room in the back and set up the tables to account for additional people, and the space worked well. I would bring a group here again in the future!"
"After 30+ years as the insurance provider for CCSD (AKA all K-12 public education employees), the 5th-largest school district in the country... we're slowly having everything good about our health insurance taken away from us. I could go on about how area teachers are being shafted, or you could just turn on the local news or crack open a newspaper.

In any case, in the 1.5 years since I've moved here, my coverage and available providers have steadily decreased while my rates have skyrocketed. For example, routine bloodwork that used to run me $20 is now billed at almost $70. Right now, the district is in negotiations and co-pays have been increased 20%.

On the topic of money, you can never reach a live representative for anything. Billing is inconsistent- you can expect to get billed for services you didn't receive, or to get multiple bills on the same day for the same procedure. Staff frequently misplace payments and documents: a coworker has sent in her $35-per-copy out of state marriage license three times now, and they just asked for a second copy of my birth certificate (without any rational explanation for why they need it in the first place). Representatives frequently threaten to drop coverage over any trivial issue, which is both illegal and unethical, and their PR team is flat-out lying when interviewed about the changes by the local media.

For a district that includes insurance coverage as part of the salary package (an appreciated perk) to help assuage the fact that the salary is frozen and hasn't seen a raise since man walked on the moon, you'd think they'd at least manage to keep ONE employment benefit functional. Apparently not. If you can't take care of your teachers, they won't be able to take care of their students."
"I've only had one appointment here so far, but I am pretty impressed with just that one visit. First of all, I was able to get an appointment, at a time that worked for my schedule, in the vicinity of my office, within a week! Last time I tried to get in with a new primary, the wait was several weeks and in Henderson.

Day of appointment, I was seen on time and staff were so attentive and thorough! I worked with Kahren Dy-Patacsil (APRN) and she was excellent- asked detailed questions to get a complete picture of my situation, tried several tactics to address my presenting issue, and came up with an actual plan to address it. I think I spent a full half hour with her, which is unheard of. I also worked with Limsey for an EKG and breathing test, and she was very quiet and professional.

I am crossing my fingers that the specialists I was referred to are as diligent in their care, and that billing goes smoothly here as well. So far I am very impressed and plan to return."
"I've been on a pasta kick lately. As simple as it is to make, I don't keep it around the house because I'd eat it all the time and weigh as much as a refrigerator.

Nora's is a great place to dine in or grab takeout when the urge hits.
The spaghetti alla Nora is divine: spaghetti with meat sauce AND PESTO, plus eggplant. So delicious, but add on a meatball for some extra protein for a cheap $1.50 if you're particularly carnivorous. The pesto is the besto though, maybe just ask for a tiny bit extra because the dish can be a little dry.

The garlic bread here is the stuff vampires have nightmares about- there's THAT much garlic loaded onto it. If your date can't take you to Nora's for garlic bread, he doesn't deserve to take you anywhere else. 
Save the kissing for later."
"As far as specific plazas and Vegas go, this one isn't particularly noteworthy- the giant arch and some statues in the parking lot let you know you're in Chinatown. But the fact that only a handful of the businesses and restaurants here are actually Chinese is ironic.

To the left, there is Yuyu and to the right, a dim-sum place, with a grocery store anchoring one end and the mall in the middle and No. 1 Boba inside- Volcano Boba (also in the plaza) is a better pick though. There's better Chinese food found elsewhere than this plaza specifically, and the parking/driving is a little on the dangerous side if you get my drift."
"Dr. Mock is one of only a handful of cardiologists covered by my insurance, and as such had a wait list of two months til I could get in- from what I hear, this is typical. My first visit, I was promptly seen and the doctor was personable and thorough, asking several detailed health history questions and fully outlining our plan of action. I was booked for further testing just a couple days later, went quick and easy. Front office staff and techs were friendly and professional, too.

However. As nice as everyone has been, it's been four weeks since my testing was completed. I was told I'd be called with results in a week or two. It's been four weeks, and I've called each week for an update. Finally got a call today to confirm that everything is fine. I might assume that I would have been contacted sooner if it were more urgent, but if you're going to give a wait time for next steps, please stick to it. I had been pretty stressed out about this."
"This was my most convenient neighborhood pharmacy prior to a recent move. Most visits have just to pick up and drop off meds. Staff have been consistently friendly but they aren't always efficient. I transferred over prescriptions online and only half went through, it was unnecessarily complicated to get my full order here and now my refills are staggered through the month instead of easily picked up at once (a service Walgreens offers)- there is still no explanation for why I have two weeks more of one med than another, when they're prescribed together. I do like that I am usually helped quickly here. I wish they would program in an option for no receipt or a text receipt, the seven foot-long mess I am handed each time is such a waste of paper."
"If yoga is your jam, you've found your tribe. TruFusion is a great gym, and the Blue Diamond location has several daily classes staffed with great instructors. I've attended a handful of classes over a month-long membership, and continue to pop in every so often for their community classes. Schedule is available online and everything is first come, first serve for attendance. The yoga classes seem to be their most popular offerings but I mostly attended other styles.

The BOOTCAMP class I took was the most challenging, if the name somehow didn't give that away. Heated, humid room, with a mix of large and small muscle movements using body weight, hand weights, and bands. Definitely hydrate beforehand!
RIDE classes use the Real Rider bikes that lean with your movement. It takes a couple classes to hit your stride with them, and at the end of the day, I just wasn't a fan. Tried a few different instructors and it wasn't them, it was me. Or actually, the bike. I prefer stationary spin bikes but YMMV.
BATTLE ROPE EXPRESS may be my favorite class, it's definitely the one I want to come back for! It's a half hour class that starts and ends with a succinct 5-minute warmup, with 20 minutes of tabata-style active time: 45 seconds of all-out effort, 15 seconds of rest. Each minute is a different exercise so you don't get bored, and the motions vary enough to give you a bit of a break so you're not endlessly stressing the same muscle. It is extremely challenging, in a good way. You'll leave feeling accomplished.

TruFusion has a great reputation, and it's well-earned. Instructors across all classes were knowledgeable and professional. This location is a long drive for me, and I was initially turned off by their first-come policy but I have not had any issues getting into the classes I want by showing up about 10-15 minutes before the start time. Location is consistently clean, check-in staff are helpful with rentals ($3 bike shoes) and questions. 

TIP: Check them out with their 30 days for $30 promo or drop in for a community class for $5, available a couple times a week in various styles including yoga, pilates, and boxing."
"Maybe I just really lucked out with this one, but the takeout poboys here are awesome. I'm in the area often but usually don't have the time or company to dine-in, so I have stuck to their sandwiches so far. The fried shrimp is under $10, large and stuffed with freshly-fried shrimp, nicely dressed, and comes with a huge side of seasoned waffle fries. Service has been friendly and fast, and they play pretty good music while you wait. Eventually I'll order their fresh seafood but so far I have yet to be disappointed."
"Great date night spot! It looks a little run down from the outside, but inside is a whole 'nother story. Personalized service (ask for Hector!) and great Italian food, hard to go wrong. Prices are on the high side, but the family-style portions are gigantic- definitely start with an order of the bruschetta! 

We ordered the veal parmesan and the linguini with clams. Dishes were large enough to be two meals each! Clams were plentiful and the garlic-white wine sauce was just what I wanted. My date enjoyed his veal, the red sauce was classic and comforting. We shared the tiramisu for dessert, very creamy and not too sweet. Dinner with a drink, tax, and tip, was $100- more than I expected to spend here but a great dinner nonetheless."
"Best place for grabbing food for big parties, work events, cookouts, and other such large gatherings. My work makes lunch for a group of ~100  few times a year, and we usually grab pre-seasoned, competitively-priced meats from the butcher (the carne asada and carnitas are great!), fresh tortillas and chips, plenty of salsas, and fresh fruits and salads. We rarely spend more than about $3/person, and everyone leaves stuffed with plenty of leftovers. Cardenas is really a great option to have for large amounts of low priced, good food.

I don't come here as often to grocery shop, mostly because the parking lot is such a disaster- but they have a bomb produce section and very productive staff, who are always busy but happy to help you find something.

The little dining area inside is a life saver though- I regularly grab their salads for easy lunches, fruit cups or ceviche when I need a healthy snack on the go, and their bakery items for any excuse I can come up with- the tres leches always a hit."
"Ever since I went to a conveyor belt sushi spot in LA, I've been wondering when we'd get one here. Sapporo opened about 3 months ago, and I come here fairly regularly. They use a microchipped plate system to stay within health code regulations and ensure that product is not sitting out for very long, so everything is fresh.

I initially came in for their grand opening and was able to try several of their dishes and have since come back for birthdays, with visitors from out of town, and just as a general spot to catch up with friends at a new and interesting place. Management knows they are competing with AYCE pricing and having the variety of belt and higher-quality kitchen dishes makes them stand out. You'll probably spend about the same amount as AYCE, or a bit more.

The conveyor belt has apps, 3-piece rolls, nigiri, and the occasional dessert, with all plates priced at $2.50. The fish has been consistently fresh on my visits, and the belt allows you to grab a bite as soon as you sit down without waiting on service. I especially like their kitchen items, which are electronically delivered as well- they've consistently added to the menu over time, offering dishes that are similar to other spots in town (Yonaka's Sake Orengi, Pier 215's soft shell crab, etc.) but at a lower price point. I'll be trying their new Truffle Octopus dish next time.

Favorite items include the garlic tuna, orange salmon, scallops and branzino (cooked), the hand rolls, and the Valley of Fire roll (full size only). The guests I've taken have been especially excited about the sushi tacos, pork belly, and mini-ramen bowls (black garlic especially), but the novelty of the technology doesn't get old. 

Service has always been attentive and helpful. Though staff is not actively coming by to take orders (you use the iPad), drink refills are consistently timely and everyone has been polite. Occasionally, orders will be delayed due to tech issues, but it's only happened once across several visits.

TIP: Check their social media for the occasional contest. This brand is opening a KBBQ conveyor belt business soon, too!"
"Named for the UNLV basketball coach, this school is in the middle of desert suburbia- in other words, if you don't know it's there you won't be able to find it. It's hidden in the middle of several subdivisions but surrounded by vacant lots of scrub. GPS sent me to a dead end two streets over. 
Best bet is to specifically map the intersection of Pyle and Lindell, rather than the numeric street address.

It's a smaller school with just under 1200 students, good racial distribution (less than half White, about a quarter Hispanic, remaining about equal Black and Asian), just under a quarter considered economically disadvantaged.
School mascot is the shark."
"Decent burger option on the strip. In true Bobby Flay style, most burgers have a sauce or two and the table comes with four more to try. Cactus pear margs are also legit and comparably priced to other places nearby, and taste a little stronger.

Service is fairly good- though you walk up and order, they bring food out to you and frequently stop to check if anything else is needed as they pass in and out of kitchen, which was helpful. At one point, while here with a group, an employee provided table service for additional purchases rather than making us wait in line again for add-ons like extra drinks or sides.

Brunch burger and classic crunch burger are both decent, still really want to try the New Mexico but last time I was in the area, I had already eaten. Might not be one of my top Strip picks (simply because I don't think burgers when I'm there), but it'll hit the spot."
"The Stove is easily the most anticipated restaurant opening in Henderson, featuring the partnership of Antonio Nunez and Scott Commings with an expansive menu of innovative breakfast, lunch, and brunch dishes, in addition to a tea lounge and a decadent selection of pastries. The space itself is as well thought-out as the menu, with a table honoring the previous incarnation as a Kerry Simon restaurant to the vertical gardens for fresh garnishes and the reservable meeting spaces in back, not to mention a selfie booth to further push their social media advertising campaign. The staff at the Stove have put out beautiful, delicious dishes accompanied by attentive and personable service across three visits in the past month- once for pastries, again for breakfast, then for a birthday brunch. 

Favorite dishes include the Maharaja fried chicken sandwich (conceived by another favorite local chef, Hemant Kishore), the Suckling Pig Benedict (sweet, savory, salty- it's got everything!), and the Pecan Pie Pancakes (go big or go home). Brunch fanatics burned out on the same basic dishes across town will be intrigued by the Mexican Egg, Poutine Waffle, and a super-spicy Muffalata sandwich. If you only have time to grab and go, anything warm with fresh blueberries will absolutely make your day, and I highly suggest pairing it with a super-strong (both in flavor and caffeine) iced lavender coffee. 

If the dish names, descriptions, and photos aren't enough to lure you in, I'm happy to keep coming back for more myself. Despite the trek clear across town, I find myself suggesting this spot for a meetup every couple of weeks. Next visit, I plan to check out their afternoon tea!"
"Was craving Indian and saw a bunch of Elites raved about this place, so it made the top of my list despite being further than I wanted to travel. Called in my order for takeout and headed on over. Upon entering, saw that the restaurant itself was a bit nicer and more upscale than I expected. Service was a bit lackluster- waited for a bit at the door before being acknowledged, my boxed food was waiting at a table with a manager-looking guy who brought over my receipt and took my card with a series of gestures, then ran my card and disappeared without a thank you or asking if I needed anything else. 
That probably explains why I didn't get any utensils or napkins, nor did I add on another side or additional naan as I'd originally planned. And there were only two tables seated at 5:30PM so it's not because they were busy.

I found this place to be a bit pricey. 
I like that half-size entrees are available for a slightly-lesser fee, but found that the decrease in pricing (usually around $3) isn't worth the decrease in product. Lesson learned. For three half-size entrees, one container of rice was provided. Also ordered one garlic naan. Total was around $40, which is a bit steep. I always have difficulty paying so high for a la carte indian food when the buffet prices are so cheap for so much. I feel like there's a discrepancy there that should result in lower prices rather than higher, but whatever.

Quality made my entree choices worthwhile: saag paneer, baingan bharta, and lamb korma. The saag was decent but I prefer mine a little saucier, this one was a lot of spinach and good-sized cubes of paneer but the dish seemed as if it hadnt been cooked down long enough. Best eaten with the garlic naan, which was fragrant and delicious.
Baingan bharta was ordered exclusively based on recommendations here on Yelp, and I was not disappointed. It was flavorful and I appreciated that the sauce was on the thicker side, which allowed for it to go well with the rice. 
The lamb korma is the only dish that had any spice to it whatsoever, and it was quite mild despite ordering a 5/10- at Thai restaurants, that'll get you a spicy dish, but I guess Indian is a little more laid back with the scale. I know now for next time. Dish didn't have quite as much lamb as expected for a $10 portion.

Speaking of portions, I was a little confused by the portions and packing of my takeout.
I appreciated that the half-size entree portions were packed in plastic lidded containers and wrapped in plastic to ensure that nothing spilled. But the size of the portions themselves were on the small side- think the smallest hummus containers at the grocery. That size. 

Going to put this on the list to try again for the lunch buffet, thinking that will be a better value and possibly a better overall experience. Good quality, vast menu of options including several vegetarian dishes."
"I vaguely remember coming here a couple years ago and finding it messy with a cheap menu of unmemorable food, unsurprised given the UNLV-adjacent location. Returned on a whim recently and things have improved: kitschy but clean inside, decent eats, still cheap. Service is a little odd though- I thought it was just me, but a few other reviews mention the lack of eye contact, too. Overall, it's A-OK.

The bahn mi are decent, better than the nearby Subway when you're wanting a cheap sandwich. The spring rolls are another option, with 3 choices (shrimp/pork roll, shrimp roll, or just pork roll). Price is appropriate for quality given the iceberg lettuce inside. Haven't had their boba, but it's dirt cheap at $4 for a giant cup. 

TIP: They now have a vegan menu. Tofu tom yum will be my next choice."
"I invited a group of colleagues here after work for happy hour following a stressful day. We sat in the lounge and had to specifically ask for the lounge menu with tapas portions and discounted wines, which is a pet peeve. I shouldn't have to be ""in the know"" to get your menu, either offer it or don't. The service was lackluster throughout but the food quality was good enough that I'm planning a group visit here with some wine-loving friends. 

Lounge menu is limited but has a good variety, and we tried most of it. As for wines, I had a decent merlot and a great African red, which paired well with my meal. The mushroom bruschetta was so good that we shared two orders. Other standouts include the grilled octopus and the porchetta, though the latter wasn't quite what we were expecting. The crab cakes, margherita flatbread, and sausage skewers were just okay. Their meat, cheese, and wines seem to be what is most popular here.

Our server wasn't around much and when he was, affected an overly friendly touchy-feely persona that was off putting. After having to hunt down the lounge menu, we were brought one copy for a table of four. My boss was billed for the wrong wine, to the tune of double the price, and the resolution was poorly handled and implied she was at fault. Needless to say, no one I invited wants to go back, which reflects poorly on me and now requires me to recruit an entirely different friend group to revisit despite genuinely wanting to try more of their menu."
"POTS has been on my radar for months, because I work out at the park nearby. Their ""nutritious, delicious!"" signage went up but gave no clues to the menu until they opened and began maintaining an active social media presence. TLDR: Egyptian street food, vegan and vegetarian. Rejoice!

Meatless Mondays are mandatory in my house, and I've long had a love affair with chicken shawarma, so the cauliflower version was my first venture into the tasty eats at Pots- and I was not disappointed. Ample portion, fresh ingredients, lots of tasty textures. Good option for first timers, vegan version available with tahini. If you're dining with a group, add on an order of Egyptian Fries, seasoned with dukkah. Portion is a little much for one, wish they had a combo option for solo diners. 

Looking forward to my next visit to try the Taamia (falafel) and Koshari, along with some of the desserts. Note that the pricing is a touch high (lunch for one was $20), but you can get a 25% off discount by signing up for their email group."
"Andrea's has a cool ambiance with a swanky lounge-meets-restaurant feel and a dash of James Bond circa 1970. Don Draper would probably feel at home here. Menu features fresh sushi and cooked Asian noodle and rice dishes. Portions are small and prices are predictably steep for seafood on the Strip, and it's known for being a good dinner spot before hitting up one of the clubs at the Wynn.  

The sushi was fresh and the various dishes we had were well-made. The rock shrimp tempura and vegetable crispy pan-fried noodles are solid. The seafood items are their forte and the cake pop dessert samplers are a fun way to end your meal if dining as a group. Wear your cocktail dress and bring your credit card."
"Major California vibes at this beautiful downtown studio. Located on Main with plenty of parallel parking, this open plan space has a front boutique area with a curtain separating a bare wood-floored studio and a single bathroom. It's basic but homey, with a curated selection of items for purchase and a giant gold mandala hand-painted on the wall.

I've come by a handful of times, most recently during their free teacher certification weekend- recent graduates from their training program are getting experience teaching their first classes to the public, at no cost. The classes I took flowed well, space has great acoustics for the music but I needed instructors to speak up or turn music down in order to hear directions clearly. There isn't a single mirror in the whole place, including the bathroom, and I found that I was focusing more on myself than comparing my body or form to others in class. 

Welcome desk staff were friendly, instructors were warm and personable. Online site is easy to navigate for schedule and signup, and they have a good variety of classes. Great introductory offer of 30 days for $40."
"This health-centric grocery reminds me of those really picky single ladies who have a master list of several non-negotiable qualities they require in a partner. You know, the ones who are so stubborn about their list that they refuse to compromise and doom themselves to being single (and often unhappy) for way longer than necessary.

Natural Grocers is doing great things by providing a source of ethical goods- ALL organic and non GMO produce, several GF and vegan products, and a huge stock of vitamins and supplements, including vegan protein powders. However, they alienate many of the potential customers who walk through the door by only offering high-priced organic options, little brand variety, and no butcher counter. It seems like half of their store footprint is dedicated to supplements, on par with a GNC.

I would compare NG to Sprouts or Whole Foods, but on a lower tier: the majority of their products can be found elsewhere, sometimes for less, and with other options. I do appreciate that they carry some preferred brands (Tessamae's, Healthade) as well as a line of solid miso pastes and bone broths. It will be interesting to see if NG's extreme niche-market selection gets them enough business to stick around.

Oh, and don't forget your reusable shopping bag. If you didn't think to grab it, you might get an eyeroll when you have to carry your two items to your car. I'm all for encouraging people to use their own or charging for those who don't (as in CA), but there's no reason to be rude."
"My boyfriend mentioned wanting to go to Joe's about five times in the past month, so I finally made reservations for our anniversary. Before we were even halfway through our meal, we were talking about what we planned to order next time- that's how good of a first impression they made!

We started with a gratis cold app of roasted eggplant and olives in San Marzano tomatoes with the bread basket while we reviewed the wine list. They have a surprisingly small selection of Italian reds but Levi guided us towards the Palazzo Della Torre Meritage and it did not disappoint. We ordered the giant meatball app recommended by so many other reviews, and it was great- robust sauce, ample fresh ricotta, and a flavorful blend of meats. The nightly special app of a grilled porchetta with peppadew vinaigrette, also recommended by Levi, was pretty spectacular too!

We shared the house Caesar, a huge portion with a great dressing but no anchovies, followed by the 24oz porterhouse and a side of the truffle mashed potatoes. The steak was huge, great char, paired well with but did not need the house zip sauce. It was exceptionally tender and immediately absolved me of the guilt of not ordering a pasta dish at an Italian restaurant. The potatoes were a shareable portion with a pronounced truffle flavor and a smooth texture- if you are a meat and potatoes kind of person, this meal will make you quite happy!

Our server brought us a complimentary Grand Marnier creme brulee for our special evening, which was totally unnecessary but much appreciated. Service throughout was attentive and warm. Looking forward to another visit to try the pastas or the 32oz Tomahawk!

TIP: Sit at the bar to avoid a wait, it also has the best lighting. You won't be able to get your Caesar prepared tableside but they will waive the 2-person minimum."
"No, this is not a Dragon Ball Z-themed ramen shop. Unfortunately. It is, however, an option for when you want both ramen AND sushi. Why should anyone have to pick just one?!

The ramen menu is low-priced with a huge portion, and I appreciate how many toppings are included without extra fees: the half egg, the nori, spinach, bamboo, and a slice of charsui. The spicy miso ramen was spicy, but it was also gritty and the spice covered up any flavor depth that the broth might have had. I'd go with a different option next time. The thick noodles were perfectly chewy and the egg was just the right amount of doneness.
The ""J-wraps"" are like uncut maki rolls, handroll-sized and uncut, with different prices for different fillings. The contrast of pairing a fresh fish roll with a hot bowl of soup was surprisingly nice. They also have a couple of special rolls, pricing on par with a sushi counter. 

Service is friendly, location looks like they haven't quite finished the decor. Food leans more toward traditional flavors. I was told they are still affiliated with the same chef as under the previous business name, Misoya."
"The Outlaw Burger is the meal cheat days were made for!
It's gigantic and completely acceptable to share, weighing a monstrous amount and nearly filling an entire takeout box. Piled high with juicy, flavorful brisket (tastes like Texas!), crispy fried bell pepper and onion strings, cheddar cheese, and chipotle aioli, this thing is packed with big, bold flavors. The red cabbage slaw adds the perfect bit of crunch and acidity, bringing what could be an overwhelming mouthful flying back into foodie heaven.  I'm pretty sure I'm going to have wet dreams about this burger.

Initially we were turned away because they had ""just closed"" only for the owner to come chasing after us, insistent that we could still be served. Right after our order was placed, a family walked in and were turned away. I'm flattered and grateful that we made it in under the wire, but maybe turn off all of the neon flashy BBQ lights if you're closing so that you don't have to ruin anyone's day!

EDIT: I returned for actual barbecue and found the meat to be poor quality and the portions on the stingy side. Pricing is about on par with other spots, and their sauce is good, but either they've gone downhill or the Outlaw burger is about the best they can do."
"Newest open-air shopping and dining area on the Strip, highlighted by the High Roller observation wheel! Located where the Quad and Flamingo converge, with it's own parking.

Highlights include Sprinkles and Kitson's first non-SoCal locations, Brooklyn Bowl (music venue and bar with dining, bowling, and live music), and of course- the High Roller.  Chayo, a Mexican food and drinks place, also has a mechanical bull, if you're into that sort of thing.

I am a little underwhelmed to see that two major dining/bar chains are here rather than local or new businesses- YardHouse and Twin Peaks. 

In addition to the above, there are a few boutiques and also (allegedly) a gourmet hot dog place (I have yet to find), and if you're here late, the Sprinkles has a 24-hour cupcake ATM (thought I'm hesitant to try it).

Downside to this new area is the parking situation- while they have their own large designated lot (and valet service if you're into that sort of thing), the road off of Flamingo to Linq Lane is two lanes with a short light, and it gets backed up fast as the the parking garages from the Flamingo, Quad, AND Harrah's all let out to this area."
"Cappuccinos, cold brews, and cookies- anything that starts with a C, King does really well. I mean, they probably do other stuff well too, but I thoroughly vetted the C items. Cappuccino was well balanced and the cold brew is super-smooth and has practically no acidity. Both pair well with a cookie, but the chocolate was the favorite, almost like a homemade Oreo. Watch out for the brownies though, they're vegan and made with black beans- as the barista put it, I'm not a fan but some people are really into that."
"Good spot for lunch- daily specials are a good option and all $8, so a great deal too. Service can be spotty but food quality is solid. Specials schedule is as follows:
Monday-baby back pork ribs with fries, coleslaw, and baked beans
Tuesday- chicken marsala with garlic mashed potatoes
Wednesday- shrimp, chicken, and beef kabobs with wild rice
Thursday- liver and onions with mashed potatoes
Friday- captain's seafood platter
Saturday- petite fillet
Sunday- roast turkey plate

Tuesday and Wednesdays are the best meals, IMO- though the chicken in both dishes can be dry, both have a pleasant sauce. The entrée salads are also a good option, particularly the Cobb, which is a HUGE portion.

If you're dining solo, walk on in and they have a bar area where you can sit- service seems to be a bit faster here than when seated in booths, from what I've noticed. In addition to the specials, there is also regular diner-esque food and a Chinese food menu- I've never tried anything off of that menu."
"Noticed the Grand Opening sign when I drove by last night, came in this evening for an early dinner. Got an order of fresh spring rolls with shrimp and a bowl of combination pho. Broth was good on the pho, but the meat was mostly fat. Rolls were  just okay, the shrimp was dry and seemed old.  Service was polite, prices seemed pretty low: total was under $15. Seems like they need to work on their quality and consistency."
"Celebrate your wonderful wingwoman by taking her on a date, for once. To Wing Time, obviously. Came up here for such an occasion with Neli T, who is a big time wing fan. Our eyes are typically bigger than our stomachs, and our dinner here was no exception.

There's a huge selection of sauces here, available bone-in and boneless. I highly suggest the traditional sort, as the boneless ones we tried were consistently dry and overbattered. As for the sauces, they were hit or miss in that the ones we most looked forward to weren't as good as we'd expected (hot garlic, PBJ) while others that we added on a whim ended up being favorites (Ensenada Enchilada, chimmi churri). Other surprise hits were the buffalo toast and the buffalo mac and cheese (noticing a theme?), while the fried pickles also suffered the same over-battered fate as the boneless wings.

Overall, our experience was solid and I plan to come back to try more flavors. I'll stick exclusively to bone-in wings and suggest that others do the same. Prices are good for what you get and neither of us could finish our combos!"
"Downtown Henderson has long needed a coffee bar, and Public Works is here to save the day! They open early enough to swing by on your way to work, have a menu of daytime and evening (read: alcoholic) options. They source local baked goods from Mad Batter. Inside, they have local art on display and available for sale. They have a small dedicated parking lot and a conference room available for meetings. They even have patio seating for the 8 months out of the year when dining alfresco actually feels nice! 

I came in for their Labor Day special and tried the Turmeric Chai latte, which was nicely spiced without being overpowering and still had a kick of caffeine. Looking forward to returning for the  Tres Leches latte and maybe some wine. Hopefully they'll expand to open on Sundays, the day I'm most likely to be in the area."
"I like big books and I cannot like- big libraries make my eyes go wide! Paseo Verde is clear across town from me, but it's a great library. I beeline straight for the new releases (make an immediate left at the entrance), but they have a massive kids/YA selection too.

This library gets bonus points for having tons of community events and an on-site coffee shop- if I only lived closer, I'd probably spend entire weekends here clearing them out of NY best sellers and peppermint mochas.

Non-Henderson Residents: note that the library system is different, you will require a different membership and card to check out here. Make sure you can return your books on time to a Henderson library or you'll obviously get late fees."
"Popped in after driving by and seeing that a new restaurant had settled into this space! Count me in for Cuban food! This spot is cafeteria-style, with several dishes to choose from, super-low prices, and patio seating. Note that they are also cash only, so come prepared.

A $5 plate will get you a huge portion of food, with rice and beans, a protein, and a side. The grilled chicken was amazing, super juicy with a flavorful skin. I added on a papa rellena (potato ball) to my order and it was unfortunately underwhelming, but the meal itself was solid and more than enough for dinner. Looking forward to coming back, hopefully they'll have empanadas next time!"
"You really do find the best food in the unlikeliest of places. Case in point: this business is located inside of a gas station with minimal signage and puts out great food, to the extent that they often have a considerable wait.  Carlos' reputation for great cooking precedes him, and it's hard to have a conversation about the best burritos in Vegas without someone mentioning his spot by name. 

I've enjoyed both breakfast burritos and the namesake chile verde here, and I've not been disappointed. Prices are low, portions are huge, and the pork in particular is just so tender and flavorful! Unfortunately, half-hour waits have kept me from indulging as often as I want, as my schedule sometimes doesn't allow for me to wait. If you can, though, the food is definitely worth it. Be prepared to take your food to go, or pack up half of your remaining burrito after stuffing yourself at the dine-in counter!"
"You know you have a burrito addiction when you walk into a new location of Rivas and the cashier recognizes you -- from another location. Gotta say, it's smart to bring in the experienced staff to ensure your opening goes smoothly. 

Rivas Fans will appreciate that the menu is the same, so you can order your regular dishes and they'll turn out just right. My carnitas burrito with cheese was exactly like the one I get regularly at the Desert Inn location. For those unfamiliar with the local chain, the prices are low and the menu is massive. Quality is better than other similar Mexican food spots but my standby choice here (besides the burritos) is the fajitas, while another friend swears by their fish tacos. 

NOTE: Their other locations have Eat24 ordering enabled, hopefully this one will too. This location, unlike others, is NOT 24 hours!"
"I have no idea what the hype is about. They have a decent lunch special of two slices and a drink for $5, but what I received was wet, limp, and gross. I couldn't tell if the pizza was undercooked, intended to be a Neopolitan style (doubtful) or simply drowning in lackluster sauce and grease, but I barely nibbled one slice and tossed the other.  Too many great pizza places in town to justify this one being open or having a four-star rating."
"Hyped by a coworker as her favorite place for Hawaiian cuisine, I made a point to stop by and order some of the dishes she'd suggested. My experience didn't live up to what I'd expected, but it wasn't awful either.

Service was great, staff are friendly. Restaurant is clean. Didn't experience the bar.
Opted for the Local's Plate (beef and chicken teriyaki, two musubi, sides of rice and mac salad) plus a lumpia app. I'm not the hugest fan of teriyaki and this was not one I would necessarily come back for, spam on musubi was thinner and less flavorful than what I've had at L&L, I preferred the lumpia I've had at actual Filipino places, and I'm generally not a fan of mac salad in the first place because of my aversion to mayo.
The dishes weren't bad, they were just a little lacking in flavor and not the punch of flavor I'd expected. 

Would come back to try other dishes suggested: oxtail soup, adobo fried rice omelet, manapua, but I'm not in a hurry to do so."
"Gorgeous building, convenient parking, and they give back to the local community!
Came here for a performance and then again for a work-related training: in addition to the regular performance hall, there are other buildings with smaller rooms for more intimate musical performances as well as meeting space.

I really appreciate how the parking garage is right next to the museum, which is right around the corner from the performance hall. Signage and maps are everywhere, and the staff I found nearby were friendly and helpful when I couldn't figure out which entrance to use due to construction."
"Newsflash to management: you're no longer downtown, your prices need to come down like $3/dish. I don't know how you can call it a lunch ""special"" when your choice of ONE taco or enchilada, with rice and beans, is $11. Even a burrito is $10, and it's $2.50 to add cheese. Ridiculous.

Got a $10 order of nachos with carnitas and they were mediocre. Chips were super greasy, as if they were dumped directly from the fryer into the box. Carnitas were simultaneously fatty and dry. 80% of the toppings on my order were pico de gallo.

I guess their prices have to be high so they can keep paying their enormous staff: anywhere from three to seven employees were behind the front desk during my visit. They easily outnumbered the customers, and yet bickered over who was going to take my order.

TLDR: Overpriced & overstaffed."
"Frost Gelato first caught my attention with their signage about being voted Phoenix's best dessert spot for two years in a row! After tasting their creamy concoctions, I have to agree that their gelato is pretty dang good. Great creamy consistency without any icy bits, and each featured flavor I sampled packed a punch.

Their Sea Salt Caramel is their best flavor, outselling all others at a rate of 5 to 1, and it was ultimately what I decided to get. I just rides the edge of being too sweet, with the salinity there to balance it out. I'm not much into sugar and couldn't even finish a small, but it was so good! Other flavors I enjoyed were their chocolate/hazelnut (like Nutella but not as rich), peanut butter chip (another best seller!), and coconut."
"Sibling restaurant to Sammy's Woodfired Grill & Pizzas, Table 89 offers pizza and assorted healthy-style fare like salads, soups, sandwiches, and a handful of entrees. Not familiar enough with Sammy's menu to be able to tell if the pizzas are the same or not, but style is similar. Came in for soft opening advertised via social media.

LOBSTER BISQUE; smooth and creamy with a good dose of lobster flavor
GOAT CHEESE AND TOMATO FLATBREAD: menu descrbies this as coming ""with Mediterranean herbs"" but it's actually zatar. Odd combination of flavors, not sure this really works. Only dish we didn't finish.
STEAK SALAD: ample portion of grilled marinated steak was a touch tough, vegetables were overdressed in a scallion-ranch dressing that didn't have much flavor  but the various textures of tomato and radish, plus the addition of feta worked nicely. Particularly enjoyed the watercress in the lettuce mix.
HERB MARINATED SLICED STEAK: same type of steak as was served in the salad, seems to be round top and was cooked properly to medium rare but again- tough and chewy. The warm beluga lentils and greens had an earthy flavor that didn't quite work for my guy.

Setup is a walk-up counter to place your order at a light-up menu, take your glass to a drink station and pick up your cutlery at another station, then pick a table and your food is brought out. Not sure why drinks and cutlery are not positioned together. Service still seems to be getting settled in, some employees are friendly and polite but many were quiet- possibly nervous.

 I like the freshness of the food but the concept seems a little muddled with Italian and modern and quazi-Mediterranean options. Appreciate the healthy and flavorful options available on the menu though."
"I'm not a donut fan, but the ones here are pretty phenomenal: unique combinations that remind me of VooDoo Donuts in PDX. These have more focus on flavor though, which is good. BF is the world's hugest donut fan, and a quick weekend morning stop here ensures I stay in his good graces.

Bacon-Maple is my stand-by but they run out fast.
Recently tried the blueberry-pomegranate, which doesn't taste anything like pomegranate but is pretty damn good. I'm less a fan of their super-sugary creations, but tried a caramel-corn-and-Nutter-Butter concoction that was surprisingly tasty. 

Every donut place worth it's sugar also offers coffee, and this place is no exception: the iced chai goes well with just about everything offered here, but they also have espressos, capps, and Americanos as well, available hot or iced.

Service is friendly and staff have no problem talking through the menu and making several recommendations. Recommend going off peak hours to get the full service discussing seasonal options and coffee pairings rather than just pointing and boxing your order in a rush."
"I'll be the first to say it: when I drove by, pulled up the rave reviews, and visited their website, I kind of scoffed at their claims of fresh-made pasta and sauces. Noodles & Co has been doing this for years, and we already have Mac Shack as a local version- same concept for all.

But my dinner here was really pretty great- I dig the modern kitchen decor, and the service is charming with a prominent Italian accent and genuine warmth. You pick from a variety of pastas and sauces, and add on apps, salads, soups, and/or desserts if you so desire. Note that pastas and sauces/toppings are priced separately, so this can add up- it's no bottomless Olive Garden bargain. 

The mushroom ravioli ($5) was a generous portion of large, lightly-stuffed pillows. I opted for the pesto gorgonzola ($9), which was creamier than expected and quite rich. I would love to see them add a regular, robust pesto to the menu rather than just the cheesed version.

Was a bit disappointed with the caprese salad ($11)- the tomatoes were underripe and flavorless, which didn't rise to the level of the the fresh mozzarella, basil, and other vegetables. I realize they're new, but until they can get a supplier who can provide fresh, ripe tomatoes, perhaps this should be sidelined or only featured as a special.

Split the pasta and salad for a large dinner, gave the rest to my guy- along with the complimentary bruschetta that comes with each order. Giant amount of food, total was just under $30, with tip. 

NOTE: The lunch ""specials"" offer very limited, basic selection. Hopefully they will expand what is covered in this category. I currently cannot recommend it as a lunch spot, despite working nearby."
"Since my last visit, this spot seems to have blossomed. Came for a few afternoon visits and staff were friendly and welcoming. Finally got a chance to sample the food and have fallen in love with the madeleines and sandwiches, particularly the Est (brie cheese, tomato, pesto, and greens, all on a fabulous brioche bun).  I haven't camped out with a mug of tea yet, but as the colder weather settles in, I'm coming by more frequently for grab-and-go coffees, which are always just right. 

Come by when you have some time to kill and explore all the little seating areas and the owner's decorative touches- there seems to be a story behind everything. Staff is very professional, and Jonathan is great at suggesting items to try."
"I love ferris wheels and have been wanting to go on the High Roller observation wheel since it opened. My guy finally surprised me with tickets on an impromptu date night and off we went. Note that there are tons of discounts to be had (military, local, senior, Yelp check in, online offer, etc)- find one that works for you because $35/pp (adult) is ridiculous.

Pre-purchase your tickets online to save time in line. The boarding process is long and somewhat disorganized process involving an escalator, a stop by a bar, ""mandatory"" photo ops (just keep walking), and a maze. Just keep walking, and eventually you'll get to the boarding area. Hit the bathroom when you get a chance, because the line and 30 minute ride can mean an hour til you get to use it again.

TIP: get in the front right corner of your pod as soon as you board so you are in the best spot for photos. Pods aren't overly filled- expect about 20-30 people, and there is seating available. Some pods have bars and HH, we did not do this option. As everyone else says, the view is actually not that impressive and only rave worthy for the 3-5 minutes spent at the top. There's a guide/trivia video playing during the trip, complete with dad jokes. After disembarking, you exit through the gift shop."
"Decent drive-thru coffee, dudes! They don't offer a food menu, but the drinks here are divided into hot and cold, as well s fruit smoothies and kids beverages. The Granita is their take on a frappe, and it seems to be a best seller- you can get $1 off their already-low prices if you go between 4-6PM. Right now, they're really pushing the smoothies during summer- and the acai flavor is especially filling and refreshing. Service is friendly teens, and even better: no obligatory tip line on the receipt!"
"What is up with hair stylists, nail techs, and massage therapists constantly moving around in this town?! As soon as I find one I like, they move and I have to follow them to a new salon. Luckily, Adrianna Hernandez's hair skills are totally worth any drive.

Enter MSS and find a small lobby- a screen shows who is available for walk in services and which stylists are in which rooms. Use the touchpad to buzz in and make your way to their assigned room. It reminded me of a dorm of beauty services- lashes, nails, and various hair services all available under one roof from different staff. Building is nicely decorated, rooms are clean. Metal and glass partitions separate service areas and keep the space from feeling closed in. I like the concept!

Adrianna is amazing with hair- color, cut, and style were all awesome.  Her work is on IG @adrixhairz and I highly recommend booking in advance. Appointment went quick because she's so easy to talk to, and I left looking and feeling a million times better- isn't that why we come to places like this in the first place?! I can't recommend her enough."
"If you're looking for a break from Vegas for a day (or even just a couple of hours), Bonnie Springs Ranch is just a bit further than Red Rock- and possibly a better option if you have kids.  Chickens, roosters, peacocks, and other critters are running freely around the area, so if you don't like animals, this is not the place for you.

The first thing you'll see as you walk up is the restaurant- you can grab a meal there first and bring your $25+ receipt to the ticket booth for admission. Once inside, you're free to tour the small western town, complete with a shooting gallery, various live shows/plays, a mining area, a chapel, a saloon, and a gift shop. This section is not particularly well-maintained and despite employees walking around in character, only one was actually engaging with guests. I wish they'd update a bit and do some repairs to keep this place engaging for youngsters over age 7.

But the best part of all is the petting zoo. I drive out here just to visit those guys. The enclosures are rustic but the animals mostly look fairly clean, healthy, and happy. Take a couple of quarters for the food machine and watch the animals flock to you!"
"The only reason I came here was because of the name. Just seeing the logo of a giant baker's butt on the building was enough for me! But upon entering, the smell of baking bread and the sight of a functional baking factory behind the product bins was pretty awesome.

Products span several varieties of breads, shaped in rounds, rolls, sticks, and every other conceivable figure, offered at great prices... along with several sweets, bagels, loaves, and cookies. Don't forget to snag a brownie sample by the register, and check out the dirt-cheap day-old selection by the windows. 

The sourdough bread bowls here are great for winter soups (available in large and mini sizes), and can be pre-ordered if needed. The macarons are large and moist, and the best my BF has had. I can't get enough of their everything bagels, getting a day-old 6-pack for $1.65 is almost as good as receiving flowers!"
"An unexpected spot nestled in a residential area, Isabela's is Chef Beni Vasquez's seafood and tapas restaurant located right on Lake Jacqueline! Open for dinner only, HH is offered Tues-Sun 4:30-7:30, featuring half off select tapas and 20% off drinks.

PLAINTAIN CHIPS: Complimentary during HH and generously seasoned with sea salt, these are just as tasty as the ones I had in the Caribbean. 
GRILLED FISH TACOS: Three mini tacos to an order, topped with Mahi, jicama slaw and a tomatillo sauce. The half-off HH price is much more comfortable for the portion than the usual $11 rate. Not their best dish.
GARLIC POLLO: Generous portion tossed in a sherry-butter-garlic sauce, served with two slices of baguette for mopping up the extra sauce. Tasty, but not as garlicky as I was expecting given the name of the dish.
CALAMARI LATINO: Calamari rings sautéed with chorizo, peppers, and white beans. Favorite dish, again served with bread. Seafood was tender, sauce was flavorful. Wish these last two dishes were served with a spoon for the sauces.

Service from Jason and Jasmine was personable but I was charged full price instead of HH prices for my dishes- a minor oversight, but one that appears to be a pattern based on Dominique's review. Location patio is covered like a greenhouse, with a variety of comfortable seating options and of course- that great lake view! Restaurant also shares a space with Republic Café, their Cuban breakfast and lunch spot."
"Mixed feelings about this place, but they have rock-bottom prices and some of the best bahn mi in town. Bread isn't always the freshest, but it's surprisingly packed with ingredients (and not just the veggies!) for under $4. Fresh spring rolls are an okay choice, but the soup we had was basic and unremarkable. Props for offering free eggrolls with check in (dine in only). I'll come back for the dac biet."
"I've been here a couple of times but it only just hit me that I haven't actually had any noodle dishes at a place called Noodle King! So I'll definitely have to go back to check that out. In any case, I came with a regular who clarified that they are under new ownership but didn't do a name change- apparently previous menu had more of a noodle emphasis.

Menu is extensive with apps including dumplings and beef roll, and large portion family-style dishes for soups and entrees, traditional Chinese style cooking with several Sichuan style dishes. Friend highly recommended the hot and sour soup as the best in town, but my favorite dishes so far have been the beef roll app, rice cake stir fry, garlic string beans, and the fish in chili oil. Taking the hot chili sauce from the fish and distributing it around the other dishes makes everything a little hot and tingly, just how I like it.

Note that service speaks some English but primarily Mandarin (at least the server we had), but menu is detailed and has photos for ease of ordering. Portions are gigantic, prices are about ~$10 for most dishes (excluding seafood)."
"I visited Portland a few years back and didn't make it to Lardo's original location. I was kicking myself for weeks when I realized my oversight. Needless to say, this is the business I was most excited to try when Block 16 opened and I beelined to their counter on a recent Saturday.

I immediately ordered the Porchetta to share with friends: juicy, fatty, crispy deliciousness balanced with verdant gremolata, salty caper-mayo, arugula, and parmesan. Such a tasty sandwich, on a sturdy ciabatta that held up well despite the drippings, well portioned for two huge, sharable halves at $15.

A friend ordered the Pho'rench Dip ($14), tucking the shaved beef and basil of from a bowl of pho into a thick bun served alongside an aromatic cup of broth for dunking, with hoisin sauce and sambal mayo. I am not a fan of soggy sandwiches and usually don't eat traditional French dip sandwiches, but this one surprised me. Great pick for cooler weather!

Service was fast and friendly and our food was so good. Looking forward to trying more of the menu!"
"Attention CCSD teachers: Ketchup Burgers is honoring teachers with choice of a free classic burger or hotdog! That extra star in my rating is for giving back to the educators in the community. 

SERVICE: It's a walk-up and order joint with dining available at the bar. I guess the bartender isn't familiar with how to take food orders, because placing my order was much more complicated than it needed to be. He didn't know about the promotion, then didn't know how to ring it up, got frustrated and short with me until a manager came over to help out, then he never said another word to me. I don't know why I tipped him, his bad attitude made me feel guilty for inconveniencing him to serve me.

FOOD: Wanted a mushroom swiss burger, added mushrooms and garlic aioli, and switched out the cheese on the classic, and added a side of fried pickle spears, to make a purchase to offset the freebie.  Received a plain burger with swiss cheese, out three minutes after it was rung up and was room temperature.  Bartender brought it over and didn't even notice the missing ingredients. Went to counter to get assistance, manager stepped in again and had mushrooms brought out to me and comped the pickles. Burger was cooked well done, super dry. The garlic aioli was a smear the size of my thumb. Mushrooms had no flavor. Pickle spears were long and skinny like fries, and served sans any sort of dipping sauce, which I found odd. No flavor other than salty. Didn't finish burger or side. Mad that I wasted the calories on the poor quality I ate. Free or not, I've had better burgers from a drive-thru window.

TL;DR: It's pretty bad to have to complain about something that's already discounted. Staff other than management doesn't seem to care. Appreciated the manager helping out and trying to make things right- but he wouldn't have to comp anything if employees simply did their (very basic) jobs.  Oh, and considering I was seated at the bar, I was never given a beverage or even asked if I wanted one."
"The burgers are great, but the HH offerings need some love- currently there are just a couple of discounted drinks ($2 beer, $6 sangria, $5 listed cocktails), though I'm certain they once offered half off apps? I guess this is a thing of the past. Although I enjoyed the duck bao (great bbq sauce!), I'd stick to the burgers in the future. I was disappointed that I couldn't mix and match bao, despite there being two varieties available. 

I'm not sure if this is the only location with a liquor/beer license, or if this location just especially pushes them, but I was repeatedly offered a drink here.  I do like that this location is more open, bright, and modern compared to the South Ft. Apache location I typically frequent, which is like a cave in comparison. 

Truth bomb: the oxtail chili cheese fries are overrated."
"New addition to downtown, still in their soft-opening phase, impressed with the friendliness of service and unique menu offerings. They have great potential and I look forward to returning in a month or so when they've worked out some kitchen issues.

STANDARD MOCHA & MEXICAN SPICED MOCHA: A bit overly sweet but tasty, prefer my brew a bit stronger but liked the flavors.
CARNE MACHADA EMPANADA was amazing, the roasted potatoes it was plated with were tasty but the aji sauce blew my mind! Can't wait til the other two empanadas on the menu are available.
SOFRITO SLIDERS are tasty but the sofrito aspect of them was underprounced. First round was accidentally served raw inside but with tasty sauce, remade to the other extreme of well done and missing the sauce,  corrected and removed from bill by management. Would specifically request medium to medium-rare to enjoy the good quality meat and cheese, served with tasty salt-and-pepper-seasoned plantain chips.
AREPA BENNY with one egg, seems the proper portion would be two? Egg cooked perfectly, shortrib a bit on the dry side, I enjoyed the combination of flavors but it didn't work at all for my guy's tastes. 

Service was friendly throughout, but staff is clearly still working out kinks: benny took over an hour to come out, above-mentioned slider issue. Timing can be improved upon as kitchen build efficiency and staff get accustomed to working together. Definitely suggest utilizing a meat thermometer to check doneness.

Space is open and modern, love the USB ports under the coffee bar and the playful goat portrait on the back wall. Lots of potential, excited to come back and eat more empanadas after they get settled in!"
"""Dacha"" is Russian for summer house- and from the outside, this little bungalow-shaped building sounds perfect. The menu of comforting Russian cuisine also fits the bill. But once you get inside it's like this place has Multiple Personality Disorder, because the inside looks like a straight-up 80s European discotheque with blaring music and hookah.

Bizarre décor choices aside, the staff is polite, the pricing and portions are good, and the food is delicious- just wish this place would be set up more like a restaurant so the food could shine!

Oliviye ($10):Russian potato salad, it's delicious and super fresh. If you haven't had it, you need to. It's exactly what it sounds like.
Rassolnik ($10): Russian version of a beef barley soup, a little sour with some herbs in it, very comforting. I wish they'd add solyanka to the menu!
Zharkoe ($12): Russian-style beef stew, classic peasant food, comforting and tastes just like your grandma made it a couple of decades ago.
Dacha-style Pork Steak with Mushrooms ($10): juicy pork steak topped with mushrooms, served with garlic potatoes and a salad, doesn't sound Russian but it is and it's well-executed too.

Other noteworthy items on the menu include pickled herring, pirojki, vereniki, pelmeni, and several types of bourekas, as well as entrees of schnitzel, stroganoff, and chicken kiev.

Someone here is hip to marketing, and they currently have a deal up on Groupon ($18 for $30), a Yelp deal, and also a Yelp check-in deal ($5 discount)- use any of the above to come in and give this place a try."
"I've had positive AYCE experiences at the other Jjangas across town, finally popping by this one for their exclusive sushi burger menu- available lunch hours only, according to my server. Service at the bar was polite and attentive. Location is also outfitted with hibachi seating. 

The Karai burger on panko bun is $11 and so enormous I couldn't fit it in my mouth without removing the top bun- and I can fit a lot of stuff in my mouth, so already I was impressed. The bun bottom bun held up well despite being overtaxed by the full load. I actually ended up setting it down and forgetting the bun altogether to eat the toppings off with chopsticks about halfway in, because I was getting full. The soft shell crab, salmon, crab, and sauces combined well and were complemented by fresh, crunchy lettuce. The portion alone is worth the price, I left more than sated."
"Omelet House rocks! Over 30 different and unique varieties on the menu, all with clever names, a gut-busting size, and crazy-low prices! Even the varieties with fancy fillings like asparagus and lobster are still around $11, and the sheer size makes them more than shareable. The three below are ones I remember but I always try something different.

THE SPARTACUS: Asparagus, mushrooms, and cheddar, with cheese sauce on the side. You wouldn't think to combine a classy veggie like asparagus with gas station nacho cheese, but it works! Even without a protein this packs a punch, if you can eat the whole thing, it'll fill you up all day.
CHILI VERDE OMELET: pork, green chile sauce, and jack cheese. It's just slightly spicy, super meaty, and full of flavor. The green sauce is done well here, and you can add on various hot sauces at the table if you need extra heat.
LIBERTY BELL: Basically a Philly cheese steak but with a blanket of eggs instead of a roll. No whiz or provolone, topped with melted Jack instead. Somehow it works, definitely on the heavier side but the meat is really juicy. 

Omelets come with a bread choice and ""Rip Taylor's favorite spuds"", which are house-made potato chips, and they're pretty decent. Good mix of soggy and crisp potato slices to pick out the kind you prefer, but I wish they were seasoned better. Of your bread options, the Pumpkin Nut Bread is off the chain. Get it. Special shout out to the fried zucchini app, get it if you have a group to share with.

Service is usually pretty attentive, the whole staff hustles to flip tables and help each other out. Interior is bigger than the exterior suggests, and it's decorated country-style with homey knick-knacks and antique furniture,  back room can be reserved for especially large parties."
"I'm bummed to see that Dish Functional All Chefs has closed! The punny name and juicy Lucy burgers brought me in, but this location just does not seem to be conducive to consistent business. Staff were friendly when I visited and it seemed they tried several promotions and specials to bring in traffic (rice bowl Wednesdays and Vegan Sundays!) but this is the second solid spot to utilize the kitchen and not be able to stay open.  I've heard rumor the staff are working on a different menu and planning to reopen, and I'm crossing my fingers it's true while simultaneously kicking myself for not revisiting when I had the chance."
"If you're walking through Red Rock Casino, this is the spot decorated with a bunch of bowls! I actually really dig the red, white, and black décor with a  modern feel. Despite this being a noodle bar, I sat at the bowl but did not order noodles. 

FRESH SPRING ROLLS: Apparently they listened to the reviews about the pork spring rolls, now only shrimp is on the menu. The rolls are large with gigantic shrimp, and an ample portion of peanut-Sriracha dipping sauce. Could use more mint and less vermicelli noodle, but solid.
DUCK BAO: Server recommended this because of the crispy meat. I did not find the meat crispy but I did find the bao itself well-made and fluffy. This was a tasty small bite, order is for a pair of buns, but unfortunately you are not able to mix and match with other types on the menu (short rib and pork belly).
SHRIMP TOAST: I've never had this dish elsewhere but I wasn't a fan. A frozen bread-shrimp brick was heated on the flat top, topped with a barely-fried (runny whites, ew) egg and a few drizzles of sauces, and presented. Didn't finish this, wouldn't order it again, but it just might not be for me, as other reviews recommended it.

Service from the hostess was attentive and friendly. Sitting at the bar allows you to watch dishes being made and plated. I would consider coming back for an actual noodle dish, but unfortunately my pasta cravings will probably lead me to Salute before a return visit here."
"I recently spent a week trying classes at Redemption, and I'm a fan. It's basically three boutique gyms in one: a spin studio, a boxing gym, and an interval cardio/strength concept similar to Orange Theory. The facility is clean and everyone from instructors to staff are friendly and have positive attitudes. After taking 6 classes in 7 days, I will be recommending it to others!

CLASSES:
REP- intervals with the treadmill and floor/weight work. I especially love that they have dynamic treadmills for different training moves, and the two instructors I had for this class were both great about demonstrating movements I was unfamiliar with.
RIDE- I am familiar with their lead spin instructor from another gym. The bikes here are a little different than elsewhere and require more adjustments, but I do like the actual studio, with great sound and effective fans. Shoes can be rented, staff are great about helping with setup.
BOOTY BOXING- this was a surprisingly fun workout, with blocks of bag work and rounds of barre-style band work. Room setup is kind of difficult to see the instructor at times, but she was great about moving around the room and demonstrating moves. Rent or buy wraps ($20) and gloves ($45?), required for all classes.

FACILITY:
Super clean. Plenty of lockers (with built in locks!), water bottle refill station, reserved parking around back of building. Again, I can't emphasize how positive and friendly everyone was! Customer service staff are super sweet, and within a couple days they were greeting me by name- always a great touch!

No matter what workout I took, they were all challenging. I like the online schedule (similar to Cyclebar's platform) and the option to choose between monthly plans or class packages. I already belong to way too many gyms but this is one I hope to return to when my schedule allows."
"When you walk into this bar, the entryway is designed to look like a bar's walk-in freezer, complete with kegs. It's a cool touch, and the service is pretty laid-back and cool, too. HH runs daily from 3-6PM, with $3 drink specials and $4 food specials, plus half-price flatbreads. Food is decent, beer selection is large.

PRETZEL BITES ($4, HH): Decent portion, served with a whole-grain mustard and canned cheese for dipping. Not bad, good for a snack.
BEEF FLAUTAS ($4, HH): four or five rolled tacos, seemed to be baked instead of fried, with a soft exterior rather than the hard, crunchy version. Filling was decent, and the order was served with a drizzle of sour cream and a scoop of pico de gallo. 
FLATBREADS (half off during HH): These range from $10-13 regularly, and are a steal during HH. Large portion is 8 pieces, flatbread is nicely crisp and topped with a thin layer of meats, cheeses, and sauce. I prefer the buffalo chicken version (includes celery and lots of bleu cheese) to the barbecue chicken (didn't care for the sauce).
CHILI CUP: This was not on HH but caught my eye on the menu, made using ground chuck, black, and pinto beans, recipe seemed similar to how I make this dish at home. The cup was cheap (under $4), but the flavors just didn't do it for me, didn't finish this and wouldn't get it again.

DRINKS: HH drink prices are awesome, $3 for the featured beer, all house wines, and all well drinks. The house cab is actually really good, and the featured beer is made locally by Bad Beat- the Pint Pilsner, and it's delicious!

This is a great spot to catch a game, as they have the NFL and MLB package, as well as regional sports channels, and several TVs. Interior also includes a pool table, built-in gaming, and a few arcade games (Galaga?). Will be back in the fall when NFL season kicks up again.

NOTE: Join their text club (""Pint"" to 71441) to receive discounts and event notices, like live music on Sunday nights and random texts redeemable for a free drink!"
"The cupcake trend is gone but this chain is still going strong and just opened at The Linq. Thought I'd try a place recommended by quite a few SoCal Yelpers. Did not expect to be as disappointed as I was.

Tiny space leaves little room for a line, menu is large and not easy to read at a distance, save for the list of flavors and cute colorful caketopper symbols indicating which flavors are currently available.

Service is a trainwreck. Even busy, this place doesn't need 6 people behind the counter, their ordering and fulfillment process makes no sense. Made it to counter, placed order for one single dark chocolate cupcake, plated to eat on location. My name was taken and I was told someone would be with me in a minute. I'm not sure why the same guy couldn't just reach into the case next to us and hand me the cupcake.
Paying for my order was hectic. Girl misprounced my name to get my attention, gave me correct flavor, on a plate, with no fork. After handing me plate, asked for my card. Awkwardly set it down, retrieved card, then had to reach again for my ID- for a four dollar purchase, after waiting nearly 10 minutes. Really?

Finally snagged a seat to eat. Cupcake frosting was good. Cake itself was dry. Just because I ordered at 9PM should make no difference to the quality of your product. Cake texture and frosting texture didn't really work well together, due to the extreme dryness of the cake and the hardened frosting topping. 
Opted for a cake without sprinkles, wanting to get the cute circle symbol instead. When I ate it, I nearly chipped a tooth.

Given the low quality cupcake received dining in while they were still open (and busy), I'm hesitant to try the cupcake ATM. Can't imagine they retain their moisture well in what must essentially be a refrigerator.

Sprinkles, you have a great brand and clever marketing facilitating your business in an amazing new and highly-trafficked area. Step up your game in the kitchen and train your employees on efficiency!"
"Solid casino on the Strip. I don't go out to the big-name places much, but somehow I've found myself at PH three times in the last week or so- hit up Koi for a Yelp event, then the V theater for an Elvis show, and then the buffet using a Groupon. And let it be said, even though I didn't spend much here, you certainly can drop a lot of coin here. But there are also plenty of deals to be had here, too.

Parking is pretty simple- love how easy it is to hop in the garage elevator and step out at the Miracle Mile shops, past the theater, and then to the casino. Decent poker area, lots of slots. Restaurants are all pretty solid- Koi is overpriced IMO but tasty and a good place to be seen if you're into that sort of thing. Their crispy rice app is to die for too, BTW.
The buffet isn't among the best on the strip, but it's decently priced and has a larger selection than I expected. And the Heart Bar is good for people watching and has dancers for entertainment, too."
"I'm not a huge fan of fast food, but the macho nachos here are trouble! Recently had a bad day and stopped in, devoured them on my own- no shame, eating the pain away.
They're good though- portion is HUGE and the dish is heavy. Initially they look to be swimming in sour cream, but the pickled jalapenos balance that out pretty good. Amount of beans and cheese is fairly low, so these aren't really a ""heavy"" dish that will feel like a brick in your belly afterward. 

This place also has pretty good fish tacos, served classic-style with corn tortillas with a nice sauce. Tasty, would order again- pair of tacos comes in a $3 order, upgrade to shrimp and the pair goes up to $5.

Service, even in the dead of night, is friendly. Have yet to dine in. As others have said, given they have the same price point, this chain is head and shoulders above Taco Bell's menu offerings and quality."
"Veranda is not a place I'd normally find myself, being within the Four Seasons on the Strip. I am far from fancy, but I cleaned up well enough to make an appearance at a baby shower. We came as they were closing up the Sunday brunch buffet (selection looked good) and were seated in a private room with a set menu that included vegetarian options.

Menu had great choices with fresh produce and photogenic presentation, and staff were attentive. The caprese app, blackened salmon salad, and fruit tart were all solid dishes from their lunch menu. Based on the food and service, I would return for brunch or another meal here- they also have HH 4-7PM and a (reservation-required) afternoon tea service!

NOTE: Valet validation and vegan menu available!"
"I was bummed to notice their other location (east side) closed, so when I started craving seafood, I hauled on over here. Everything is super fresh and the beachy decor kind of lets you delude yourself into thinking you've taken a brief vacation. Except for the video poker built into the bar, but hey, you're still in Vegas.

Happy Hour is offered daily from 2-6PM, with buck-a-shuck oysters! Their cocktail sauce is nice and thick, and the horseradish is super spicy, but these are just as enjoyable plain. Crab cakes are a good option, and if you're feeling especially indulgent (or with a group), try the Crab Pretzel- a soft Bavarian style pretzel topped with Anapolis-style crab salad and cheese. 

The steamer sampler is always a good option fora couple (or a trio!), with shrimp and three kinds of crab. I'm not the hugest fan of ""market pricing"" because you don't really have an idea how much you'll be spending (and it can really add up!), but you can certainly call before you visit. Staff have been pretty friendly when I've been in. 

TIP: Blue crab + spicy vinegar = awesome!"
"Waffling between three and four stars:  friendly, attentive service and a massive array of well-priced rolls are two major things that make this spot stand out. Portions were large, fish was decently fresh, but the sashimi and nigiri seemed to lack some flavor- it's average AYCE quality but without the AYCE price structure, IMO. 

That said, the friendly faces and good pricing will make this place memorable, plus they seem to be in a location that doesn't have many sushi options to begin with. Most rolls are $7.99, with a few special options running a bit higher. Menu is much larger than expected, with several apps, pages upon pages of rolls, including a few fruit rolls and cucumber-wrapped riceless rolls. 

TIP: Opting for the pick-2 dinner bento (opting for the sashimi and nigiri) gets you an extra roll (spicy tuna or California) over getting the Sashimi dinner."
"It seems like every couple of weeks lately, Vegas is getting another great bakery and TSP is no exception- they specialize in cakes but also have cookies, ice creams, and special order items. Oh, and a disco ball on the ceiling in case the flavors inspire you to start an impromptu dance party!

The mini cupcakes are $2/ea which seems a bit steep for such tiny, tasty goodies, until you eat them. There are a ton of flavors, as well as an additional weekly mystery flavor, and they change regularly. The French Toast was a favorite of mine, decorated with a tiny French toast crunch cereal piece! Their mega chip cookie is no joke, either. I haven't yet tried the ice creams but I'm pretty sure you have to get it as a cookie sandwich for the best experience."
"Update time. They've been open nearly two years now and have both changed the menu and renovated the interior since my last visit, for the better. Space is more modern and welcoming, menu has traditional rice, noodle, and soup staples along with specialties like khao soi- which is what I went in for, as it's an amazing  dish only available a couple places in town.

Soup was pretty good, with a rich and slightly spicy broth and a hard boiled egg, topped with crispy noodles and an entire chicken leg. I paired this with the curry puffs from my last visit and was happy to see they're still awesome. This is a meal I'd totally come back for, but I wouldn't do it during lunch hours- small space is packed and the kitchen and staff were clearly overwhelmed, and the half-hour wait for food is a bit much for a lunch break visit. I'm glad to see they're getting a lot of business though!"
"This is a cozy diner with all your favorite breakfast dishes- not the original location of the Sunrise coffee shop, as I initially thought. Come here for a variety of omelettes, Benedicts, French toasts, wraps, and classic platters. They also offer standard diner lunch sandwiches and such.

Came with a Yelper friend and split the Brooklyn Benedict and the Ultimate French Toast, and enjoyed both! Kitchen didn't mind splitting the dishes for us. I like how their Benedicts use bagels as the base, which makes them a little heartier. A half portion is really enough, and the hash browns were nicely crunchy. The toast had pecans and hints of toffee in the batter. I don't like sweet treats for breakfast and appreciated that the flavor wasn't overwhelming.

We went early  on a weekend and easily got a table, but I hear they get pretty packed even on weekdays. Our server, Kyle, was attentive and friendly, and our food came out quickly. I'll pop in again some other time to try lunch!"
"Popped in recently when at FSM for an event. GrubHub ordering is enabled on the Yelp page for easy access. Wings are advertised as full-sized, not all sauce flavors on online menu available (no red curry), pricing for portion seemed reasonable ($9 for 8 pieces or $13 for 6 piece combo with tots/drink). 
 
When I arrived for pickup, they had difficulty pulling up my order but worked it out. Order seemed to take a while for a food court counter (~10 minutes) but was hot and fresh. Smokey Chipotle wing flavor was appropriately smokey and not too spicy (rated 3 flames on menu), but received have full-size wings and half drums/flats, so don't assume that means you'll get double the anticipated portion. Blue cheese option is appreciated but was was bland and too thick for dipping. 

TIP: They offer vegetarian/keto option in the form of cauliflower wings. Orders include side of jicama sticks instead of the usual celery and carrots."
"Mediocre- pretty sure it's a drug front because they've never had any other business when I've been by. Interior looks like someone's cluttered living room, complete with snacks and stuffed animals. 

12 piece wing, as someone else mentioned, comes with less than 12 wings- I counted 11 and one was the size of my thumb. Ranch it comes with tasted off, possibly spoiled or just a really bad discount mix.
Mozzarella sticks were mostly breading, which is sad when they're $1/stick and falling apart. The marinara dipping sauce was the tastiest part of the meal.
I knew I shouldn't have asked about their soups but the $2.50/cup of potato soup tasted like it was fresh out of the can, devoid of any seasoning whatsoever.

Service was polite but that's not enough to bring me back here. $17 is an absurd price for what was received."
"Poke Poku is one of the better poke bowl options- despite marketing themselves as Hawaiian, they've got the standard build-as-you-go format. PP stands out by having more add-on and mix-in options with a traditional slant, like roasted garlic, furikake seasoning, dried seaweed, tomato, bonito, and pineapple. They also have a variety of traditional-sounding teas available at the drink station, though I admittedly didn't care for the ones I tried. 

Unlike most of the other poke bowl places, they have tofu and scallop as protein options. They get a bonus star for mixing the protein, veggies, and sauce by hand before putting them in the bowl. This seems obvious, but a lot of places just drizzle sauces on top or leave the bowl dry, and the marinated flavors are a big component of what i look for in a great poke bowl (americanized or otherwise). 

There's free miso soup with dine-in. It's free, yes, but it's also possibly the worst miso soup I've ever had, because it had a distinct dishwater taste to it that made me think, ""no wonder it's free."" Definitely an area to improve upon, but one that's easy to overlook when your seating options include a giant indoor beach umbrella to turn your lunch break into a mental mini-vacation!"
"Sometimes you just want a cinnamon roll. I don't crave them often but after a particularly disastrous day at work, I just wanted to eat my feelings. Cinnaholic stands out by being both fully vegan, and fully customizable- the base is standard, select your preferred frosting and toppings, and dig in!

I'm a sucker for anything peanut butter, so that's the frosting I chose- so good, and it didn't have that slick, lingering buttery mouthfeel. Topped with a strawberry drizzle and some other stuff, made for a photogenic treat. A few bites for me hit the spot, and the leftovers held up well for my guy to have the rest for dessert later that day. Special shout out to the sweet gal running the register when I went in, she was especially friendly. 

TIP: According to signage, they now also offer savory rolls with pizza sauce and toppings?! Definitely need to go back for that."
"I'm only writing this review because Antonia R blows up IG at least twice a month with drool-worthy photos of bun rieu and the pork rolls. Naturally, I came in for those specific dishes, plus a bowl of their namesake pho and a Vietnamese iced coffee.

The good news is that the two dishes above are awesome. Rolls (#1, $5.50) have a great mix of meaty pork patty plus crunchy fried onion and fresh lettuce for a medley of flavors and textures. Bun Rieu (#79, $9) is a crab and tomato soup (with plentiful portions of both!), plus noodles, fried tofu pieces, and cilantro and fried onion for garnish. It is so dang good, hearty but not heavy, my new go-to dish here.. and I'll be on the lookout for it elsewhere now, too.

But they're primarily a pho restaurant, and the #70 we ordered (their basic house specialty?) was pretty plain with a light broth that needed the extra condiments and fresh herbs. Soup portions are enormous, with huge bowls of broth and more meat and noodles than many other places. Regulars seem to find very specific dishes to get here rather than recommending everything offered. 

TIPS: Closed Mon and Tues, $25 card minimum (dang!), and no split checks. Despite those inconveniences and the sketchy location, I will keep coming back."
"THE GOOD: Interior is very nicely decorated, with traditional art and hand-painted booths. It's really is quite nice and sets a festive but casual ambiance. The service is also extremely attentive and the menu is massive. Portions are decently sized. 

THE NOT SO GOOD: If you think $16 for a burrito and $8 for a side salad is reasonable then you probably won't have a problem with this place but I found the dinner menu ridiculously overpriced. Weekday lunch specials from 11AM-3PM are around $10/person, and I can understand pricing for some of their specialty dishes but they need to do some serious adjustments or they won't be around long. 

THE FOOD: Hit or miss for our meals. Chips and salsa were fresh but a crispy beef taco was extremely basic and the meat had no flavor. Combo with chile relleno and a chicken enchilada was okay but not great. I'd come back to try their enchiladas suizas or happy hour for a margarita, but the food isn't good enough to warrant what they're charging. I would not come back for dinner pricing."
"Such a great place to open in this sleepy little plaza on the lake! Rooster Boy Cafe has brought home-made breakfast and lunch dishes to the neighborhood, all from a tiny open kitchen. They've been open less than 2 months and it already feels like they've outgrown the space but so far, food is still consistently good- just go with friends and expect a wait, as everything is made from scratch.

Menu is large, considering their small space- everything from toasts and galettes to light yogurt bowls and heartier lunch specials, with a country European twist. I've tried the Salmon Toast, the Shakshuka, and a galette, and portions are good without being overwhelming and flavors are spot-on. The toast was fresh with ample fish and several toppings that gave a bunch of fun textures to the otherwise fairly simple dish. The Shakshuka comes with a great house-made bread for mopping up the spicy roasted tomatoes, very comforting. Galette was rustic and filled with figs, caramelized onion, prosciutto for a great salty-sweet flavor punch. 

It feels like you're dining in a friend's home, and Chef Sonia, though typically busy, is warm and polite. I really enjoy the atmosphere of a bustling farm house kitchen, surrounded by locals who live in the neighborhood. Next time, I plan to try the yogurt bowls with house granola or the dutch baby pancakes!

TIPS: Walk in to order at the counter, grab yourself a cup of coffee, and then find a seat. Plan on about a half hour for your food, it's worth the wait."
"From my sheer volume of restaurant reviews, you'd think I don't cook and eat at home. Au contraire, I am a regular at Sprouts for their double ad day- every Wednesday, the previous week's sale ad AND the new week's sale ad are both in effect, for double the discounts!

This is the newest location and larger than others, clean and staffed with smiling faces. No issues navigating around or finding what I need, but layout here (and with other new locations) features the grab and go options front and center: salads, sandwiches, soups, and sushi, oh my! I generally stick to the produce, butcher counter, and bulk goods areas here, and everything was organized, fresh, and fairly priced. Glad to have another location to pop by when out of my usual neighborhood!"
"I've been wanting to hit this spot up since I caught a shot of their breakfast torta on social media- it looked incredible! But I'm rarely on this side of town when the sun's coming up, so the b-fast menu wasn't available when I stopped by.

Opted for a couple of different menu items with different meats- the sopes were  little underwhelming, but the tacos were large and meaty for the price. I appreciated that they had lengua available, despite it not being listed with the other meats on the menu. Maybe it's only around as a trial, as the texture was wonderfully soft and tender but the flavor just wasn't that great. The carnitas were a little better, but again, not great. Food was comfortingly homestyle though.

I dig the location, the art on the walls, and the table cards. I've heard good things about this place but I guess I didn't order well. I'll have to come for breakfast next time."
"My boyfriend is a huge fan of Batali, and we've been meaning to go here awhile. Managed to snag a last-minute reservation on a whim, but by the time we left I was almost irritated with the overall experience.
The appetizers we selected were awesome, the pasta we shared was terrific, but everything after that was extremely underwhelming. Best advice is to sit at the bar, order apps and some pastas to share, or do the tasting menu. 

Started with a complimentary CHICKPEA BRUSCHETTA that was interesting but not something I'd suggest they add to the menu any time soon.
PORK TROTTER ALLA MILANESE with Roasted Tomato and Cannellini Bean Vinaigrette (BF's favorite) and WARM LAMB'S TONGUE with Chanterelle Mushrooms and a 3-Minute Egg (my favorite)- both really good, would get again.

Shared the HOMEMADE ORECCHETTE with Spicy Lamb Sausage and Rapini, which was very nice. The pasta was perfectly fresh and chewy, the lamb and rapini paired well together, and the sauce didn't overwhelm the other ingredients.  Made me wish I'd just ordered different pasta dishes instead of meat-based entrees.

RABBIT PORCHETTA with Peperonata, Sunflower Sprouts and Crispy Confit was underwhelming and slightly overcooked. Wasn't wowed by this at all.
GRILLED PORK CHOP with Kuri Kuri Squash, Apples in ""Agrodolce"" and Green Walnut: I'm not a fan of pork chops and apple sauce, but this upscale version worked. The chop was flavorful, fatty, and salty but the squash and apples mellowed it out well. Wouldn't get this again, though, this isn't really what I'm coming to a Batali restaurant for.

Lastly, we ended with the TIRAMISU with espresso gelato: BF's pick as I didn't want dessert at all. We received the plate with the gelato already mostly melted, forming a puddle of soup. I would have taken a picture of the travesty, but wanted to get at least a single bite. Not impressed at all.
Received a complimentary dessert sampler of bite-size goodies like meringue and biscotti: these nibbles were better than the dessert we actually ordered, which somehow just made me more irritated about spending $14 on melted gelato.

ADDITIONAL DETAILS: I suggest sitting at the bar because the dining room tables are so close together and the majority of the smaller tables for couples are alongside the open wall by the walkway. The passing traffic was so noisy that I couldn't comfortably carry on conversation even before parties were seated on either side of us. After that? Forget it, everything had to be repeated several times.
The service, while knowledgeable, was not personable. Whatever.
Everything ordered after the pasta was mediocre, and the fact that half of my dessert was melted when it reached me is an oversight I don't expect when dining at a restaurant of this caliber."
"Station Casinos recently acquired the Pams and immediately started the upgrades, smartly starting with the dining options. I've only been in once but that was enough to be able to tell that Lucky Penny is a significant upgrade from the previous 24 hour cafe. 

Location is a bit hard to find with limited signage around the property- from the sports book entrance, it's all the way in the back to the right, around an awkward corner. Hopefully the lack of signage will be addressed because there was hardly anyone here when I came by, likely due to simply not knowing it was there.

In any case, the menu has a lot to choose from without being overwhelming. I sat at the bar and chose the waffle grilled cheese, served with tomato bisque. Order was out in a reasonable amount of time and the dish was delicious. I wanted to add on a salad but the server who helped me said the portion was large and very filling- she was right. The sandwich was large and the cheese was gooey, the soup served warm for dipping with just the right balance of sweetness. I would get this again, but I'll probably come back for the Benedict and the Cinnamon Roll pancakes.

TIP FOR SOLO DINERS: Sit at the bar. There's a TV and USB chargers for your device, as well as individual lamps if you're a food photo person."
"Nestled into the sleepy Sun City area is a new Greek restaurant- lunch menu has great well-priced specials and dinner menu has more traditional fare, but they also offer breakfast! Check their website for discount coupons and specials before you go.

STEAK SANDWICH is packed with grilled veggies, a perfectly-juicy medium-rare steak, and feta: simple and tasty. Side choice of salad is a mix of cucumbers, green bell peppers, red onion, tomato, and olives, with olive oil and more feta.
MYKONOS BURGER has tzatziki, feta, and more of the grilled veggies: burger itself was a messy fall-apart version better eaten with a fork. Bun was dry and fell apart pretty quick, may need to find a different option. Side of greek fries was topped with herbs, simple and tasty. 
AVGOLEMONO is the best my BF has had- tart, thick, lemony, good amount of chicken, ample rice, solid and balanced flavor. Cup size is large, bowl is probably enough for an entrée.
DESSERT Plate had baklava with a hint of cinnamon and another sweet pastry, good contrasting flavors and textures, liked the small portion- didn't feel overly indulgent.

Good pricing, very friendly service, chef came out to check on us. Love the bright and airy location with several windows and giant photos of the Greek coastline. No alcohol license yet, beer and wine to come.

EDIT: Dropping my rating due in large part to the decline in service. Just look at the manager Helen's rude and condescending responses to other low reviews. If that's the attitude I can look forward to now that the honeymoon period is over, I won't be back."
"Came in after a long work day for tapas-sized Thai dishes solo at the bar. The selection is good, and the quartet of dishes I ordered were all fairly solid, but I guess I expected better. Service was friendly and attentive, wide assortment of wine and beer available, classy and romantic atmosphere with low lighting.

SAI OUA: House-made Northern Thai sausage. This is one of the more unique dishes on the menu, served with a variety of garnishes (lettuce, onion, peanut, ginger) that bring out the various herbal flavors within the sausage itself. Lots of heat in this, watch out.
MOO PING: Garlic pork skewers, simple but well executed. Five skewers for $6, tender meat and fragrant with garlic. Enjoyable if safe dish.
POR PIA YUAN: Fresh spring roll with vegetables and pork meat loaf? This seemed like another simple, straightforward dish, but the punch of herbal flavor beats any other version in town. This was paired with an odd dipping sauce similar to a hot-and-sour? The combination didn't really work for me, but I enjoyed the rolls themselves.
HOR MOK PHUKET: Curry fish cake wrapped in banana leaf. Probably my favorite dish that I ordered, with just the right amount of heat and a comforting combination of curry and fish, formed into a patty and wrapped like a gift. I especially liked how fresh thai basil leaves were also included in the packet.

 I know the menu is intended to be skewed more toward the ""street foods"" of Thailand, but it seemed like there were far too many safe, predictable dishes on the menu. Perhaps a separate ""street"" menu would be more helpful? I find myself more likely to return to their sister restaurant, Chada Thai, than come back- but I do want to try the crab fried rice and crab larb dishes with a wine or two. I am heartbroken that they don't have khao soi though, that's the ultimate disappointment here."
"Yet another basic locals casino. Props for having an entrance straight to the sports book without requiring use of the parking garage, as well as having both a bowling alley and a movie theater on site.

There aren't many good dining options here though- the usual Charcoal room, the Flavors buffet, and that sad hot dog stand by the sportsbook (that also sells Krispy Kreme donuts?), and not much else.

I don't play table games or care for slots, but they have the same promos that the other Station casinos run. Location is not convenient for those who don't live in the area."
"I love Mediterranean food but I'm not sure this is a place I'd rush back to- it's a bit overpriced, for one. Experience with sandwiches/wraps has been dismal, but salads are gigantic- too bad this is one of those places that think a heap of lettuce should justifiably cost $10 before adding on a protein for an additional $5. 

The pita bread here is amazing. But the lamb shwarma wrap is wrapped in some other sort of homemade bread that is similar to a tortilla- only crappy. Maybe it's their version of laffa, I don't know. Either way, it wasn't great.
Also, the flavors inside the wrap did not go well together: choice of lamb or chicken, plus tomatoes, onions, pickles, and tahini. I did not care for their tahini and the pickles and lamb flavors clashed horribly, plus the lamb itself was dry. Would imagine getting this with chicken would be several times better.

Interior is nicely decorated for a dinner date, service was not noteworthy (other than being slow), glad they have parking dedicated specifically for takeout customers. Maybe the mezza are the way to go..."
"I came here a couple of years ago and vaguely remember the food being alright but apparently it wasn't memorable enough for me to write a review. Gave them another shot recently when at the Rio for a few days for the Colossus, at the recommendation of a few other players. I won't be back.

Walked in between lunch/dinner and they still had steady business. Waited at unattended hostess stand for about 5 minutes before being acknowledged, despite several servers within eyesight. Couple in front of us left before we were finally seated. The three of us oddly received just one copy of the menu, and we let the server know we were there for dim sum... After ten minutes, we had yet to receive our drinks and the carts were exclusively revisiting the same few perimeter dining tables that were seated with families and no one had even indicated that they would be addressing the tables in the middle of the dining room. We left and went to Orchid Garden up the street instead, were seated and served immediately by friendly staff."
"Pleasantly surprised to discover this park! 
Came for a UYE for Ife's birthday- we had a potluck picnic at one of the covered tables. The fact that the tables are covered is noteworthy, and there are plenty of trash and recycling receptacles. Grills were also nearby and clean, and there were bathroom and water fountain facilities here as well.

Water level seems to be down right now (then again, it's the middle of summer)- but there were still ducks present. 

PSA: Don't feed ducks bread, it's not good for them; instead, bring halved grapes, cracked corn/barley/oats/grain, or actual bird seed/duck feed pellets. The more you know!

For a Sunday afternoon, this place was completely deserted- a few teenagers on scooters came by but it's not the hoppin' place I'd expect given that it's surrounded by subdivisions. 

Good choice for grilling out with a group, they have everything you need along with nearby convenience and grocery stores to stock up on supplies or grab things you forgot."
"Came across Triumph when looking for a condo to rent. One of their listings looked promising, so I requested a tour online ASAP and gave my contact info. 24 hours later, I got an email to submit another form if I wanted a tour. I also called and left a voice message. 24 hours later, a realtor texted me to schedule. Annoyed with the time that had already been wasted, I gave her a time and asked if it worked for her. It took her over TWELVE HOURS to ""quickly check her calendar"" and respond. Lack of professionalism all around.

 In the mean time, being proactive, I contacted a realtor friend who got the info and accessed the lockbox to show me the property within a few hours. We submitted an application online afterward, before the Triumph realtor bothered to respond to my text. Within 24 hours, we were informed that our application was approved but someone else put in a deposit first. Per my realtor, the listing should have said ""pending"" rather than ""available"" and this is a huge industry violation on their end- it wasted both our time and hers, as well as our application fees, as the property essentially wasn't available.

What's more annoying is that they still have never called me. They called my boyfriend, who was also on the application. I'm not sure what outdated misogyny fuels their only contacting the male on the account, but I'm not thrilled. They've called him twice to say that our $130 wasted combined application fee can be applied to any of their other listings- unfortunately there are only about 10, and none are remotely similar in terms of area, price, or any other feature, so we're basically screwed out of the fee because they can't keep their own site current. 

It appears we dodged a bullet, as their responsiveness and adherence to professional timeline is nonexistent. Per other reviews, it seems this carries over to maintenance and other issues."
"First of all, many thanks to Christie L. for extensively researching this hike and setting up a group event for us to scale this highest peak in Vegas! We went on a great fall day, and it's definitely a bucket list hike to set out to accomplish while living in the valley.

As always, safety first. Note that you will need a high clearance 4WD vehicle (such as a Jeep) to get to the trailhead. Take more water than you think you will need and pack snacks or a lunch to eat at the summit. Our group agreed that hiking boots with good traction would be better for the terrain than sneakers. If you don't have good trail-finding skills, I suggest you go with someone who does, because there are times where it's difficult to follow but it is the best route. On the trail, keep an eye out for the silvery Cholla cactus, endemic to this area.

I work out regularly and still found this hike to be more intense than I'd expected, partly due to the difficulty finding the trail but moreso due to the ever-changing terrain (from rocky to slippery slate to sandy to volcanic and back) and the steepness of the route. Going up, we took several breaks and went off trail, taking 4 hours to ascend, but the trail was more easily found on the way down and we took virtually no breaks and made it in 2 hours. Between 3 different fitness trackers, we got distances between 8-9 miles rather than the 6.5 round-trip stated on Bird & Hike. This is a challenging hike to undertake, but the views are incredible- you can see Lake Mead to the south and the grid-layout city view of Vegas is comparable to what you see from a plane. Many thanks again to Christie & Co for planning, navigating, and including me on this great hike!"
"If you're going to open a bar in Vegas, you better have good food. Barcode has that nailed, along with entertainment in the form of pool, shuffleboard, and even free wifi. We can't all just sit around and drink and play video poker. We have to eat, too.

Burgers are the specialty, and as my favorite server Crystal put it, you really can't go wrong with any of them. The standouts would be the Green Chile Burger (pepper jack and jalapenos make for a spicy bite) and the NZ Lamb burger (feta and harissa? yes please!). They also offer breakfast items, hotdogs, and a bunch of apps- pound of wings was pretty solid, too. 

Note that this bar is NOT non-smoking, which is probably the only other thing I'd recommend to make it even better. That said, their ventilation system must be new because the only time I noticed was when a smoker sat directly beside me."
"Maybe mid-week is not the time to go. Although service was friendly, stock seemed limited: mostly cupcakes and (dry-looking) cookies during my visit, with only a single flavor cake pop available. I've had some incredible vegan desserts in my time, would consider their protein bars on a future visit.

Quality is fair, but only a place I'd recommend if your diet requires you to see out vegan or gluten-free options. Cake pop was rolled in granola, which was fun... but outer layer was hard to bite through, and interior flavor was incredibly moist, but in that dense, straight-chocolate way that I associate more with a fudge than a cake.

Bonus points for offering a Yelp deal; $15 for $30! Some of the prices are a bit steep, which is to be expected for a specialty bake shop: cupcakes and cake pops both just under $4, mini-cookies 75cents/each. 

I also appreciate that coffee is available, saving me an additional stop. Note that they offer brownie edges by the register, for all you freaks who don't understand that the middle, gooey center is the best part!"
"It was awesome to see this show on Michael Jackson's birthday (August 29), thanks to one of my favorite Yelpers, Bethany E! Running into Chris V and Heather N was a nice perk, too. The crowd was infectiously excited, and there were some truly diehard fans in the audience.

As others have said, this is a bit different from other Cirque shows, with less acrobatics and more emphasis on dance. It's still quite enjoyable, and I found my favorite parts to be the Billie Jean and Thriller segments. I was surprised by the number of lesser-known songs used in the show. I have to admit that a few of the numbers were a bit too out-there for me, but the performers are clearly very talented- the Moon Lady and Guitar Chick being some of my favorites.

Overall, I can't say this is my favorite Cirque show- I preferred the Beatles LOVE despite feeling that I'm a bigger MJ fan. Good sound quality, comfortable seats. Thanks again for the tickets, YelpLV!"
"I appreciate urban parks as much as the next guy, but like 90% of the reviews, I came to see ""Her Secret is Patience"", an art installation by Janet Eschelman. Part UFO, part uterus, it's best viewed at night in blues and purples. It's pretty cool, and gradually changes shape a bit as it moves in the breeze. 

Otherwise, it's a pretty basic downtown park- there's a stage area for performance art and it's easily accessible by the bus and Metro stops. Unfortunately, there aren't any water fountains or public bathrooms, and parking in the area is pretty steep."
"These guys are nothing short of reliable- right about the time I start noticing the grass being a little long, they show up within a day or two. They take their time mowing, edging, hedging, and maintaining flowerbeds and doing whatever it is people do to make sure palm trees don't die, and they do it well- my grass is always green and property is always attractive.

My only qualm, and it's a minor one, is that they start working around 6:30-7AM. Mowers at that hour are a little unpleasant. But I totally get that they want to get started because Vegas daytime temps are ridonk- luckily they only swing by once every three weeks.

Disclaimer: I don't handle their billing or scheduling, so I have no insight as to the value or how easy it is to contact the office, as my property management deals with them."
"It's so hard to find good barbecue in Las Vegas. Meat menu includes shredded pork or chicken, sausage, and my personal favorite, brisket- available three cuts (fatty, lean, or chopped). Prices are fair and portions are large but quality could use a boost.

Opted for the three meat plate to get a good sample of all the products offered. Meats are dry across the board and sparingly seasoned, the brisket was okay- I have had much worse in town. Added on the sausage (more like a hot link) for $3, and it was solid. Combo included two small sides: the mac was overwhelmingly creamy and cheesy while the baked beans were flavorful with bits of brisket. I don't usually care for cornbread but the piece that came with our mean was good, but the accompanying cinnamon-honey butter was amazing! 

Barbecue is one of those foods that can get pricey for a family to eat out, and Billy's has large portions for small prices: the above easily fed two grown adults, for about $22. Tables only seemed to have one unlabeled barbecue sauce, which I assume was the house creation- it was on the sweet side, while I prefer mine with a bit of a kick. 

Service was polite, space is modern and clean, but overall they need to work on the details: season the meats, make sure not to overcook them to dryness, and add more sauces. A partnership with Larry's Western Meats is suggested- their sauce selection is unbeatable."
"Yet another subpar taqueria in a predominantly Hispanic 'hood with better options literally in the same parking lot. Prices are about average but quality is less than- corn tortillas were slick with grease, lengua was adequate but barbacoa was barely passble. $2 ""side"" of a beef tamale was okay, if a bit heavy on the masa. Doubt this place has what it takes to stay in business though."
"The former Anna's Linens spot at Charleston and Decatur is now a Sketchers Outlet- not sure why the ""outlet"" part is now missing from the Yelp listing, as it's on their signage. 

The clearance section is large, only vaguely organized by size. Not a fan of how shoes in this area are in plain boxes with the lids ripped off, looks trashy. Stock selection is pretty good- if a little heavy on the flats and Bobs (AKA knock-off Toms), and less athletic sneakers for women, but a ton for kids.

Store itself is clean and organized. Plenty of staff but no service. In addition to shoes, there's a small section of athletic wear. Note that there is only one dressing room for these items, located in the middle of the sales floor (it's wheelchair accessible). 

TIP: Hurry in before the back to school rush and take advantage of their grand opening special, BOGO 50% off."
"It's hard not to be a fan of Blick- they have nearly every conceivable art supply, from preschool paint kits (left wall) to professional-quality easels and design desks (back wall), and almost everything in between. The sheer number of oil paint, acrylic paint, and watercolor options is almost overwhelming. 

Favorite items here are Modpodge (available for a price comparable to what I've found online) and various gift items (journals, make your own doll kits, various books). I would love to see them add to their scrapbooking section, but other than that, the only item I had difficulty locating was glitter.

Service was cheerful and upbeat, but the store is organized in such a way that you don't typically need assistance. Bonus points for the community art project outside during Grand Opening week!"
"I've made it my personal mission in life to seek out and try any and all Mediterranean restaurants in any town I live in. I finally made it out to Henderson to try this spot, and I have to say, despite the friendly service, the food sadly wasn't worth the trek.

Standard gyro is meaty, and the tzatziki sauce is a bit different than usual- did not seem to contain any cucumbers? There is a lunch option to add on fries and a drink for an affordable price. The side of dolmades (grape leaves) tasted a little off, as if perhaps they were out of a jar. Filling texture was gummy and off-putting, and there was a strong, bitter after-taste that lingered uncomfortably that I haven't encountered with other versions.

Service was polite and the location is clean, but pricing is all over the place: $6 for a gyro is great, $2 to add on feta is a little absurd. I wanted to grab some falafel as a side, but the appetizer order is over $5. I think the odd pricing is why most reviewers (myself now included) only recommend the lunch special."
"Decent Hawaiian take out from a bizarre former-diner space. 
Check for signage all around the front desk for specials on lumpia, rangoons, and (wait for it)-- RAMEN BURGERS. Didn't try that this visit, though.

Opted for the ""healthy"" garlic shrimp plate- $10 for fried shrimp topped with a bunch of chopped garlic on top of about a pound of brown rice. Making rice brown doesn't inherently make it healthy, but props for trying.

I will go back for the Spam musubi though- it's essentially spam nigiri, but it's enormous and surprisingly delicious, savory with just the right amount of gravy not to make it too messy."
"I have finally found my happy place: Banana Beer, bar seat, on a weeknight, solo.

Walked into the dark and swanky-looking bar area, and immediately got myself a Wells Banana Bread Beer- fabulous start to my evening, highly recommend. I'm not even a beer person and I finished it before my food came out, and seriously considered another. It's more than I'd usually spend on a beverage ($6.50) but well worth it.

Opted for the cream of leek soup  ($3 cup) and the Royale with cheese pasty ($9). Soup was smooth and creamy, flavor was pleasant and Stilton was pronounced. The bread and butter it's served with is delightful- thick, dense bread with plenty of smooth butter.  

Pasty seemed to take a while, but it was worth it- stuffed full of beef, mushrooms, onions, and cheese, it really hit the spot. Gourmet Hot Pocket indeed. Crust was buttered and delicious without being too thick or getting gummy, stuffings were hot and complemented one another. Menu mentions several dips it can be served with, I didn't mention one in my order but was brought a dark reddish sauce- based on taste, I could not tell if it was a light house-made ketchup or an odd barbecue sauce, but either way I did not use much of it. Might suggest the Thousand Island as more complementary.

Service was attentive, prompt,  and polite. Most of the staff is skinny white guys with tattoos and vintage clothing, and they're all surprisingly quiet but very sweet. Whoever's in charge of the music is great: went from Metric to bluesy country and it was all well-selected. 

Definitely coming back- tempted to chill at one of their smaller tables all weekend with a banana beer and a bunch of papers to grade. Want to try the rest of their soups, and quite a few of the pastys too- as good as my meal was, I think this is a place I'll constantly be trying new things rather than sticking to one dish."
"I usually don't look for sushi on this side of town- but at the recommendation of  friend, I kept this spot on my bookmarks for a while until I was in the area and armed with an appetite. Friendly service from female server, sat at the bar and was checked on throughout my meal by the sushi chef.

The chirashi comes in small ($16) or large ($28), and includes a miso soup- artistic presentation with a reasonable amount of fish on a blanket of sushi rice. I appreciated that I was asked if I wanted to exclude or add any specific fishes. Fish was cut well and everything was fresh. Will be returning soon for lunch to try the maki rolls and grilled octopus."
"I've found myself here more times than I care to admit, mostly because it's close to my work. That said, it's below-average Mexican food. The meats don't have much flavor, so get something covered in toppings like the nachos or super burritos. 

But if you are interested in the Chile Verde nachos other reviews rave about, don't bother. Maybe they've changed them over the years, but the order I got (and another recent review mentions) was lackluster, with minimal pork and very little cheese. The order was mostly soggy chips with a thick blanket of sour cream and fake guac. I can make better at home."
"For those of you who didn't grow up in California, Todai is  where sushi buffets originated- this  in the days prior to AYCE, of course. Most CA locations are closed now, so I've only heard the stories...

Even when they open at 5:30 for dinner, there are people waiting. Staff is smiling and prompt,  the fresh and large buffet selection awaits. Service was attentive, but as others have pointed out, silverware and napkins are out on the floor and need to be picked up separately. Minor irritation that there are plastic cups available for condiments by the prime rib station, but not by the cocktain sauce or tempura sauce stations- odd and a little inconvenient. Not to mention the soy sauce on the tables but no cups for that, either.

Highlights include the make your own udon and dessert crepe sections, the veggie tempura spread, and of course- the seafood. No, the quality isn't what you'll find at the nicer AYCE places off-Strip, but the fish is super fresh and there is a small selection of sashimi, and the quality IS better than your average buffet. 

I really liked that there were about 12 rolls out on display, with labels. No confusion about what random roll I was eating, and the pieces weren't packed with tons of rice. I rather enjoyed that the pieces were cut small, so that I could try a bit of each rather than just a few before filling up.
In addition to sushi and sashimi, I also filled up on poke and shrimp cocktail, my usual buffet stand-by. Crab legs are also available at weekday dinner, but I did not partake.

EDIT; two months later, I'm subtracting a star for lack of consistency. Raved about this place to a fish-loving friend and visited for lunch just after picking him up from the airport. Got here just before 1PM and selection was limited, fish seemed questionably fresh, and overall experience was extremely underwhelming- I was embarrassed to bring someone here."
"Fusion confusion- restaurant name seems to be going for Mexican mixed with Japanese, but signage emphasizes that they offer soups, salads, and sandwiches. The menu has a few seafood-based sushiburritos, wraps, and salads, alongside more traditional deli sandwiches and salads. 

Opted for the Triple Pacific (salmon, tuna, and tempura shrimp) as a salad- kale, fish, salsas, edamame, and an odd purple ""seaweed salad"" and a few sauce drizzles. Wasn't a huge fan of the teriyaki-style sauce but overall, the dish was really fresh, and a large portion for the price ($10). 

Service was quick, easy to grab and go if you work in the area. Staff could be more helpful about suggesting dishes for first time visitors, as the menu is a bit confusing. Location is clean, take your food out to the patio to eat- it's shaded, so you can eat there even on hot days."
"I like supporting Goodwill with donation drop-offs and occasionally shopping in their stores. If you're looking for clothes, this is one of the best locations in town to hit up, as it is the majority of their stock. This is also a larger location than many in town. However, like any good thrift store, it will be a treasure hunt: organization is not the strong suit here.

That said, this location is not messy or dirty, just disorganized. Women's tops are not arranged by sleeve length, color, or size, so you'll be sorting through a lot. Shoe selection and accessories is large, with a jewelry case located at the front registers.

The homegoods section is surprisingly well stocked and the garage-sale-quality outdated items have mostly been weeded out. There are also a number of new items (in their packaging) donated by local businesses, with low prices (candles, As Seen on TV products, school supplies, etc)."
"OBVIOUS STUFF: They nickel and dime you on this airline. Do your homework and pack light, or check your bag online ahead of time for $30 and bring your own snacks in your carry on. It's not that damn hard, people.

SERVICE: Gate crew were informative and timely about updates and gate changes on the ground, but the in-air crew weren't as forthcoming. We sat on the runway for an hour without any sort of explanation or communication from the cockpit, other than a vague ""we'll be on our way soon, folks!"" after 45 minutes. I wasn't thrilled.

IN-FLIGHT COMFORT: Seats were standard, but there was a surprising amount of leg room, on par with Jet Blue! This was a pleasant surprise. 

IN-FLIGHT FOOD: Like a few other airlines, snacks and drinks are available for purchase. But surprisingly, they're priced well with Frontier. Obviously, the more you buy, the more you save, but their 2-drinks-2-snacks combo for $8 is downright cheap when you consider the alternatives (purchasing in the airport after security).

IN -FLIGHT ENTERTAINMENT: I was surprised to see the built-in screens as I entered the plane. BF purchased access and asked for free headphones, as instructed in the flight guide. Flight attendant said they were out, no way to refund his purchase or turn on captions. She also revealed that they are removing the screens soon, as if that's some sort of explanation.

BAGGAGE: The website is very clear about carry-on baggage rules and how to avoid paying increased fees for checked luggage. I packed mine and my BF's stuff in one bag and paid my $30 in advance. When I printed my ticket at the airport kiosk, my bag didn't fit in the display luggage holder. ""Ha!"" I thought, ""I made the right call!"" Uh, wrong-o. My bag easily fit under the seat in front of me and was under the weight limit by 15 pounds , so I should have been able to consider it my only carryon. Surprise, there's no way to get a refund on that, either.

PRICE/VALUE: When considering the above, factor in an extra $30+ per person, and if the ticket price is still significantly cheaper, seriously consider Frontier. Put this airline at the top of your list if you pack light and/or will only be gone for a weekend (ie less luggage)."
"Drive by, and you'll immediately notice a bright-green van with scales. You're in the right spot! Scales N Tails just opened, a pet shop specializing in reptiles and their care.

They have two giant resident tortises, and several snakes, lizards, and turtles to take home- and at good prices. I like that they only stock the better brands for turtle food and supplements, the same brand I always use for my red-eared slider.

Service is friendly and knowledgeable. No one enters or exits without being greeted and asked if they need help. Shop is small but organized. I wish I could take all of the leopard geckos home with me!

TIP They also stock hedgehog food here, which I hear can be difficult to find... despite the fact that they are not reptiles."
"Placed order with Eat24. Took nearly 45 minutes to get my order- got the impression that they didn't even start cooking it until I showed up. Food quality is very mixed- tasty dishes with low-quality ingredients rendering the dishes themselves poor.

THAI CHICKEN WINGS appetizer- tasty six-piece order of wings with extra sauce, delicious aroma was a bit better than the actual taste. 

KANA MHOO KROP (roasted pork stir fried with Chinese broccoli in garlic and oyster sauce)- portion is half the size of other entrée ordered, and pork used in this dish is either super dry/old or fatty. Could not eat the protein in this dish. If I wanted just Chinese broccoli, I would have ordered that. I didn't pay $10 for this dish to consist of pork jerky and broccoli. I will say that the sauce was tasty though.

PAD SEE EW- ordered this medium heat with beef and it was a huge step up from mild and the protein was also tough in this dish. Overall it wasn't bad though. 

TOM KHA- soup was delicious! Pleasant surprise. Good size portion, good complexity of flavor, plentiful tomato and mushrooms. Unfortunately, also plentiful chunks of ginger, comparable in size to the pieces of chicken. Tasty though!

Service was polite but very slow. Placed order, waited 15 minutes to leave, arrived around 25 minutes after placing order. Waited an additional half hour. No other patrons were present. 

Order also asked for an additional cup of oyster sauce on the side, but they were unable to do so, saying that they didn't have packets of this condiment. I asked if it could be put in a small plastic cup, they said they couldn't do that because they have the oyster sauce in a huge gallon-size container in the back, and they would have to open the container in order to get me some. I'm baffled as to how on earth they managed to get the sauce into my dish but are completely unable to put it in a cup.

Food quality was such that it seemed a great recipe was being used for these dishes- someone clearly knows their business with this cuisine. However, the cook is either limited to low-quality ingredients or simply does not care, because the actual execution is lackluster."
"Chef Omae hails from Tokyo with two Michelin stars back home and a tiny new place down the street from Chinatown- reservations available for lunch only ($20/pp pre-fixe), dinner service starts in September at $100/pp, then goes up to $150 in October. 

Went in to celebrate our monthly ""anniversary"". This week's entree options included the tempura rice bowl, the chicken ramen, and the wagyu beef burger- which they were out of by our 1PM reservation.

First course was the VEGETABLE TERRINE- I was not expecting to like it much but it ended up being the highlight. Perfectly harmonious combination of jellied veggies with chicken and a mayo sauce on lotus leaf. BF called it one of the best things he's ever had. 

The TEMPURA OVER RICE, which sounded deceptively simple, was actually pretty phenomenal: lotus root, shrimp, snap pea, mushroom, and a single amazing scallop, all atop a great brown rice with ginger. Thin batter, perfectly cooked, very well balanced, this is a dish I'd order again.

Sadly, it was a bit downhill from there. The CHICKEN RAMEN was thick but the broth was missing something, resulting in a flat, one-note flavor. Thick, chewy noodles, and several additional ingredients mixed in made a filling bowl.

Dessert was the GREEN TEA TIRAMISU- The cream layer was amazing with just a touch of sweetness, but the bottom green tea layer was very gritty. 

Slightly bummed to miss the burger, may try to make it again before the end of the month. Figured we were better off with the more traditional entrees but was disappointed by the dish I'd hurried here to try- the ramen.

Overall, great value for the current special pricing and the intimate environment is perfect for a special event. Service was attentive and went the extra mile to email the day's menu prior to our reservation."
"An unexpected find in a Nissan dealership: hot, fresh coffee! Bonus points for offering tasty seasonal specials and alternative milks (soy). Prices are good, service is friendly, and they offer a half-off Yelp check-in discount- didn't check in til after I ordered it, so I'll have to come back to use it. They brew Seattle's Best and offer teas and a variety of baked breakfast options such as bagels and muffins. I wish more car service centers offered these kinds of amenities."
"This rockin' boutique is nestled into Main Street across from Milo's Wine Bar. Exterior display features a mix of purses, walking sticks, and natural rock necklaces that don't do the goods inside justice. Walk through the door, and you'll see the largest variety of gemstones and rocks I've come across!

From natural geodes and stunning amethysts to quartz crystals and polished stones, Charlie has everything from decorative display rocks to loose ones for homeopathic purposes and others ready for crafting your own jewelry. Other items like sage and singing bowls are available, along with a random selection of clothing and accessories (wallets, mostly) toward the back.

But as the name implies, Charlie's specialty is jewelry. Several display cases lining the room showcase rings for men and women, from those featuring birthstones to unique engagement ring options. There's also a large selection of necklaces made of polished agate and quartz crystals- and the prices are decent too. I'll have to pop in the next time I'm in Boulder City."
"PROS:
+Price. You're really not going to find many 5Ks for $20.
+You get a shirt, headband, and temporary tattoo.
+Kids participate free with a paid adult!
+Bubbles galore!

CONS:
-The low price is a heads up that it's not well organized by pros.
-Packet pickup the day before was a mess
-Route is zigzagged through the parking lot surrounding Sam Boyd Stadium.
-80% of the participants are kids under 3 feet tall and they were not being appropriately supervised"
"Poppin' Persian food in an otherwise pretty vacant shopping plaza- traditional eats, low prices, and friendly service found here at the corner of Sahara and Valley View. Menu has about 10 meal options, with bottled and fountain beverages.

#4 Lamb Kabob Teka includes a heap of soft rice, seasoned with spices and topped with shredded carrots and raisins, similar to a biriyani, as well as a small side salad and a piece of pita. The highlight is obviously the lamb, a small but delicious portion of nicely seasoned and perfectly medium-rare meat. 
#6 Mantu is a traditional steamed beef dumpling dish topped with a mix of sauces, including a yogurt/sour cream, a red (tomato based?) sauce, vegetables, and fresh cilantro. Skins were nicely cooked and held up, filling was ample, flavors were homey and comforting. I'm not familiar with dumplings in Persian cuisine, but it would be cool to see if these could be offered pan-fried to nicely crisp and blister the skins for even more flavor.

Restaurant seems to be family owned and operated, location is clean. The lady who helped us during our visit was very polite and helpful. Looking forward to coming back for more lunch specials until I make my way through the whole menu!"
"I can't even put into words how amazing this place is! I'm kicking myself for not coming sooner! The 8 course omakase is one of the best meals I've had in this city- or any city. Service is both personable and impeccable, wonderful flavors and presentation you won't find elsewhere.

 CRISPY BRUSSELS SPROUTS- a favorite for a reason, generous portion, too! Love the sauce, wish it was more liberally applied.
SAKE ORENJI- salmon with citrus elements, fabulously fatty cut of fish packed with flavor. Starting simple...
TATE ICHIGO- Wait, strawberries and scallops? I'd never think to combine these flavors, the similar textures were a trip and the fruit-salsa-like sauce was well done.
HAMACHI CRUDO- BF's favorite dish but not mine, a bit too much going on with the pickled fennel AND green olive but it grew on me.
Sumomono- frozen cantaloupe lollipop was simple an delightful!
AKAMI BEET- complimentary daily special from the staff, blew my mind with the presentation, textures, and flavors. BF called it one of his favorite dishes of all time, the sauces and vegetables could stand alone as their own dish even without the spectacular spice-rubbed tuna.
MEAT CANDY- how did I live before knowing about crispy cilantro?! BF lives for pork belly but I'm both less carnivorous and not a kim chi fan, but I enjoyed the contrasts in this dish.
NIKU BERRY- Wagyu was slightly overcooked but the amazing enoki mushrooms more than made up for it!
CHEFS CHOICE- Grilled barracuda with a salad of crispy potatoes, spinach, and chorizo with two sauces, so much texture AND a favorite fish prepared very well.
GREENIES- This dessert is like fireworks for the end of your meal. Coffee soil and strawberry-mint ice cream are the new peanut butter and jelly, except a million times better. Add in the green tea twill, brownie, and semi-fredo, and cups of strawberry-white chocolate sauce in teacups and each bite is explosively different from the one before it. And I'm not even a dessert person!

Easily a place I can see myself frequenting- so glad to find culinary gems like this in our world-class city! Check their website for special events, they sound amazing!"
"Smaller than Jones market with just as much variety, if not more! Max Market is likely to be my new ethnic shop of choice for Russian goodies. Their prices on most items are also lower, which is awesome.

Store contains a deli towards the back with meats, cheeses, and premade items (they also brew fresh coffee), a small produce section, lots of breads and sweets that are both imported and locally-made, bulk-purchase nuts section, canned and jarred goodies from eastern Europe, and tons of beverages- liquor and alcohol is behind the register and on display.

You can get a ton of goodies here for $20- but my favorite purchase are the cheese burekas, packed 2/$2, and stuffed with feta cheese. They're phenomenal, and the best I've found in this city- I believe they're made in-house, too."
"Dirt Dog LA has finally come to Vegas! Open now in the poppin' southwest area, Dirt Dog has a menu of bacon-wrapped street dogs, topped with peppers and onions and your choice of spreads and bun. Sides include street corn, dirty chips, garlic fries, and deep-fried desserts. 

My pick is the classic house dog, on a lobster bun. My guy preferred the Green Dog with chimmichurri sauce and the Portuguese bun. The street corn was delicious, but we'll have to come back for the garlic fries. Deep-fried Oreos are served with a side of cinnamon frosting for dipping for a sweet ending to your meal.

Staff were super friendly and checked on us constantly. Location is clean with an industrial vibe. Signage is a little hard to see from the street, so just know it's in the same plaza as Pho Annie. Follow them on social media for discounts and event info- they have a beer tasting coming up next week!"
"Great patio seating for afternoon dining- shaded with a barrier to muffle the traffic noise and block exhaust fumes, as well as lights for evening hours.

Service was dismal- saw signage advertising their lunch special and ordered it, was not told about it by our server. Other than being super cute and taking our order, then later bringing our check, didn't see much of our server as other staff brought out our food and we were not asked how we liked it until it was nearly gone. Initially intended to ask for ketchup but never saw anyone to ask. Seemed like we may have been a bit forgotten on the back patio.

Ordered the lunch special of a ham and cheese melt with a cup of the soup of the day- cream of mushroom. Sandwich was a good value with tons of ham- a bit salty for my liking but like I said, good value. Soup was very tasty and smooth, with good flavor. Added a side of onion rings, which was about ten rings for $3- perfectly crisp in beer batter, did not fall apart while eating.

My guy had the 10 piece hot wings with a cup of chili- wings were not hot but had good flavor and were a large size, priced well at $10 for the order coming out to a dollar a wing. Would come back for these wings despite lack of heat, wish they offered more sauces. Chili was also good quality- meaty with a few kidney beans, topped with green onions and cheese. Beer used in cooking was clearly eviden in the flavor of the dish itself.

My office occasionally has happy hour meetups here, and after experiencing the food I'll have to attend next time. Highly recommend the soups to order, and patio seating for dining and enjoying the weather."
"Enjoyed their fusion dogs at the Sahara location, stopped into try some other dishes at this location. Didn't realize the menu expanded to add some southern dishes: wish they'd named the new location to reflect that. The wings are a star here, and for good reason. They're good!

Meaty, full size wings, in three or four different sauces: the soy caramel is the best though, and the sweetness is almost reminiscent of maple syrup. In a good way! The southern kick is that these can be served with grits and greens! Or order just one of the two as a side. Mac and cheese is also available here, and it's better than some southern places in town I've ordered it.

Location is new and super-clean, almost feels like it hasn't quite been broken in yet. Service is friendly, food is cooked to order (to ""put some love it in!"" as they say), so there can be a bit of a wait ordering the southern options compared to the 'dogs, but either are worth getting.

I keep meaning to try the hangover soup- it looks and sounds amazing, but I'm never hung over. And also, I keep getting seduced by those wings! Location is a bit odd and doesn't seem to get much traffic. Menu also has some breakfast options but they don't actually open until 11am, which is a bit odd to me."
"I rarely eat fast food but hey, some times  a girl craves curly fries.
This location has the absolute worst service: completely unable to get an order correct.  You would think they'd be able to find competent staff, being located across the street from a community college but apparently not.

1. Ordered a munchie meal to split with my guy. Order placed fine, payment matched the order, got home to a chicken patty on a bun and curly fries all over the bag. No tacos to be found, not the sandwich we ordered, no container for the fries.

2. Tried multiple times to order a smoothie. It's on their menu but they apparently just don't make them, or are unable to stock the correct materials. It's fast food, the ingredients are frozen, this shouldn't be that difficult.

3. Drove by on my way to dinner plans, cars in drive-thru. Dining partner called to cancel, turned around to go in the drive-thru myself. Menu board on, no service. Dining room lights off. Closed early? Weird.
Drove around the block and grabbed something else. Came back by, and what do you know? They're serving out the drive thru window again.

I guess if you're only planning to really get the business of the community college, you can set your hours for whatever you like. But if you can't get an order right, you won't get repeat business. And if you can't adhere to your own hours, you won't get any additional business from the tons of residents in the area.

Please put someone on drive thru duty who has active working brain cells."
"This store has been in business for over 25 years selling vintage clothing to the people of Vegas! How they only have five reviews on Yelp baffles me. Not sure if they've always been in this space, but it's difficult to see from the street until you're right on top of it, so use GPS and keep your eyes peeled.

Once you spot it, the exterior is painted to look like a row house complete with cat! Inside and outside decor are kitschy, which carries over to the selection of product. Though I'm no fashionista, it was hard to see what could be purchased and worn here without looking like a costume. So much of the stock was so visibly dated and style-specific to previous decades that I just lack the talent to work these unique items into my wardrobe.

Downside to visiting here was service: there wasn't any. I browsed around for nearly half an hour and walked past multiple employees, stepping out of their way as they talked to one another, but never once was I actually addressed by staff.
Sadly, this is probably contributing to why they're going out of business: another customer put down a few items and walked out without purchasing them, shrugging and rolling her eyes at the employee running around in a muumuu yapping to her coworker.

This place is closing soon (selection and service probably key reasons why), so all items are half off CASH PURCHASES ONLY- another minor detail that put me off shopping here, as I don't carry cash but should still be able to take advantage."
"I'm no shiksa, but I'm pretty sure ""kosher"" doesn't translate to ""we're going to shaft everyone with outrageous prices because we're a niche market!"" And yet, that's pretty much what you sign up for when you walk in the door here.

Don't believe me? For a bagel, wrap, or panini sandwich, you can expect to spend $12-20. I can get a gourmet burger at a celebrity chef establishment on the Strip for these prices.

Their ""Israeli"" menu also boasts several pasta, pizza, and ravioli dishes, but go around the corner to the shwarma place for better shakshuka. And you can get the exact same burekas at Max Market two blocks away, for $1 each instead of $10.

Unimpressed by what I saw on other diners' plates, I opted for the stuffed mushrooms. For just shy of $9, I received an order of five- considering they were roughly $2 per mushroom, they didn't seem fresh and were basically the same fried mushrooms you can get at any bar. The only thing ""stuffed"" about them was the scant teaspoon of white liquid inside that vaguely tasted like pesto.

Service was polite, but quality doesn't justify the completely absurd prices. This is a completely average cafe. I can't even honestly call it an Israeli restaurant, kosher or otherwise."
"Junk, plastered with the word Vegas (or not), as far as the eye can see! I don't know enough to challenge their claims about the lowest prices, because to me, junk is junk. About half the store is Vegas-themed shirts, coffee mugs, keychains, and magnets, and the other half is random gag gifts and other reject products from Spencers or Hot Topic. 

The small Native American section to the far right has some art and pottery items, but the jewelry is exclusively in glass cases- and extremely overpriced. Think $150 for a basic necklace. Then take half off to bring it down to a more realistic price, with sale signs everywhere. Hint: if you price your items to sell, you won't have to have sale signs up all the time.

I can't see why anyone would come out of their way to stop here specifically, but they seem to get most of their traffic from the folks staying in the Circus Circus area walking drunk to and from the rest of the Strip. Be careful in the parking lot."
"I finally made space in my schedule to check out xcycle! A week membership to check it out as a new member is $30.  If you're a spin fan, the classes definitely won't disappoint- no matter which instructor I had, every class was an intense workout. The music is good, the studio has great lighting effects, they have a good variety of time slots available and a user-friendly website to sign up. Of the four instructors I tried, I most liked Amber but all were upbeat and enthusiastic. The Boca Park location is convenient and upscale, with amenities like USB chargers in each locker and Sambalatte coffee available in the morning.

If you're used to other cycle spots, xcycle does not have races or competition tracks, you do not have a ranking screen, and you do not receive individualized stats or data. Bike #25 had a computer error so I couldn't even view my distance, resistance, etc, to track on my own. Also, the audio here is crazy-loud even my hearing-impaired self needed to use the (complimentary!) ear plugs. How the regulars don't have tinnitus, I don't know.

Note that you will need to have your own cycle shoes or rent a pair ($2). They also charge a pretty steep ($15!!) cancellation or late-cancel fee, though the policy is pretty common. I'll keep an eye on their social media pages for discounts and special events to pop in every so often."
"BF was a fan of the pancakes when this spot was previously the Griddle Cafe- despite the name change and menu expansion, they kept some indulgent pancake options (though not the originals offered previously), downsized for normal human consumption. He really enjoyed the blueberry version; the blueberry whipped cream on top was a nice touch. I'm not into sugar for breakfast and couldn't stomach more than a few bites.

But nachos for breakfast? Now you're speaking my language! The Chilaquiles Verdes dish is basically nachos, but they throw on a couple of fried eggs so you can pretend to fit in with your breakfast-loving pals (they're all heathens). Saucy, spicy, and crunchy, it's a party in your mouth- and one I'd get again.

Service was pretty solid and I'm glad to see they still have the french press coffee. We'll keep coming back when they're featured in the Social Sundays program."
"One of the few fast food options in this area- open until at least midnight, quick fix for a grilled or crispy chicken salad in the late hours, which is all I use it for. Staff is young and competent but barely.

Have never had an issue with the freshness of the produce in my salads here, nor the freshness of the crispy chicken atop. Sometimes I'll cancel out the healthiness of my salad by ordering whatever their featured fry is- bacon ranch, buffalo bleu, it changes with their promoted burgers and they're usually oversalted but that doesn't deter me.

My last visit, the cashier disappeared with my card to the back of the store to run it, which I was not particularly comfortable with, nor was I given a reason as to why. I was also not given any receipt of any sort. Bank statement reflects correct charge, but considering how prevalent CC theft is in food service, I'm not coming here again."
"Vegas doesn't have a zoo, so residents have to settle for small places like this that feature only a few animals. The Secret Garden is composed of several large pools with dolphins (and an underwater viewing area) and five feline enclosures. All said, you probably won't spend more than half an hour here, making the $20/adult ticket fee pretty absurd. The Mirage property graciously gave away free passes to local teachers, which is how I attended.

The Garden area is nice, with plenty of foliage and trees for shade. The lion and tiger enclosures were not particularly large but they had ample water features, ground cover, toys, and plants- these were some o the nicer enclosures I've seen even compared to some zoos. But the space is a lot smaller. The enclosures are shallow, so viewers are fairly close to the animals. In mid-May on a cool day, 3PM, about half of the animals were active and half were napping. Roy himself was there, signing autographs and speaking with visitors, which was a nice touch.

The dolphin area was a bit underwhelming. This isn't SeaWorld, so don't expect to see tricks or anything, but you may catch a trainer out answering questions and demonstrating some activities with the dolphins. The underground viewing area is surprisingly spacious, but overall there are few informative plaques or educational components to this attraction."
"Service at the gas station/convenience store is just as slow and lackadaisical as what's described in other reviews for the service area. Gas is by Chevron, so it's a good ten cents higher than what's across the street or even a block up at Rainbow.

Convenience store is small, cramped, and dirty. Service is polite, but lazy: multiple employees present, two behind the counter, only one on register, line snaking back into the chips aisle."
"Well, the animals look active and healthy here, which is more than some other pet stores can say. Lots of rodents and birds, and an entire section of fish tanks to make your selection. Didn't pay attention to whether they had saltwater fish available.

Came in initially looking for a timed feeder for my cat so that I wouldn't need to find a friend to feed him during a quick trip to California. Browsed the entire store looking for them but didn't encounter any sales associates aside from the one at the register.

Finally found one in the dog section- and only one. And at three times the going rate online. You'd think a place that specializes in pet supplies would have more than one- at this rate I feel like I would have been better off going to Walmart. And it probably wouldn't have been $100 there.

EDIT: Purchased the feeder, and my cat broke into it and ate a week's worth of food in less than 2 days. Returns only accepted with a receipt, but they are quick and painless."
"I was intrigued when this spot opened: they featured a diverse menu of dishes from around the world, but their price point was absurd ($15 for a breakfast burrito, $14 for a baked egg dish riffing on shakshuka, $17 for a burger?!). I waited to see how they would do before making the trek across town.

My recent visit found a pared-down menu (and lowered prices) focusing on diner classics with a few interesting ""global"" dishes thrown in- like the carnitas eggs benedict that I ordered ($13). The dish was tasty: the hollandaise had a bit of spice to it, the eggs were perfectly poached, the salty starch of the hash browns offset the richness of the yolk and sauce nicely. But the carnitas looked visibly old, with hardened and dark edges, and little to no flavor. For a place trying to highlight their more unusual dishes, this was not well-executed. 

The location looks like an old-school diner from the outside, and I received neighborhood-friendly service from Maria, multitasking as hostess, waitress, and busser. Their location is tricky, as it's not visible from the street and sits behind a closed fast food restaurant. Perhaps they need to drop the ""global"" aspirations and just be a cafe."
"Location isn't anything fancy, but the food is cheap and good. Several $8 lunch combo options available, the namesake Philly sandwiches are the specialty, fries are skin-on, lightly seasoned, and tasty. Bonus points for a variety of house-made hot sauces at the condiment bar and free ice cream  ""samples"" for dessert!"
"Rolled ice cream businesses are rolling into Vegas like similar previous waves of boba spots and sushi burrito shops. Flavyours has prime positioning in Chinatown with plenty of parking. Modern interior and several staff and ice pans seem to be a head start on eliminating the massive wait lines complained about at competing businesses.

Heads up: they have a bunch of base flavors, but no pre-set options (YET), so you'll be DIYing from mix-ins to toppings to sauces. They are currently in soft opening, so not everything is in stock. Despite being new, they have rolling skills on lock! Pin-tight rolls are scraped up nice and neat, seem a larger portion than elsewhere, and ultimately results in a prettier product. Prices are a touch higher than elsewhere.

I tried green tea with black sesame mix-in, topped with rainbow mochi, lychee, and mango drizzle. A friend's cappuccino base with brownies, strawberries, and chocolate drizzle totally stole the show, in appearance and flavor. Amount of toppings used per order seemed to vary, with some overflowing and insta-worthy while others significantly less so, unclear whether due to staff or stock. 

The seating is comprised of a few small sofas and coffee tables. This is a cozy touch but limits seating to small groups or couples, leaving solo diners or overflow with standing room only. Perhaps a point to rethink.  (See management response below, seating coming soon!)"
"It's no Dog Haus*, but damn I was surprised by the dogs here! Large menu of hotdog and sausage options, along with kicked-up fries and tots, burgers, and even some chicken options. 

VEGAS CHILI DOG: Sage sausage white chili, pepper jack cheese, relish, tomatoes, cayenne sour cream, and spicy mustard. I don't think I've had white chili before, but I definitely dig it on hot dogs! This pick was loaded up and practically needed a fork to eat, great chili and good snap on the standard dog.
MOB BOSS: Grilled onions, peppers, and mushrooms, with marinara sauce, tons of parm, and two cheese sticks. Get this with hot Italian sausage for the full effect. Again, covered in toppings and filling enough to be a meal. Great flavor in the sausage, too.

Opted for standard tots as our side, and we were encouraged to try a dipping sauce- opted for the fry sauce and was not disappointed. Crisp, fresh-made tots and ample, lightly-spiced fry sauce. Good light side to balance out the heavy hotdogs.

Signage indicates that they provide table service if you dine in, but we (and other visitors during our visit) used the walk-up and order method. Guys behind the counter were friendly.

*Re: Dog Haus is a part butcher store, part hot dog restaurant in LA with truly gourmet concoctions. It's a few steps up from Great Links, but I can appreciate them both."
"Why is it so hard to find pizzerias that will sell by the slice?!

A small, simple place covered in Boston memorabilia and staffed by friendly folks churns out the largest foldable $2.14-a-slice cheese pizza I've seen in a while. 
And, bonus? It's delish. Top with a shake or ten of the oregano and red pepper at the table, tear in, and enjoy!

Or take it to go: they have the perfect small boxes to take your single simple slice home to eat in the comforting blue glow of your television."
"Sushi 'til you koma- obviously an AYCE sushi spot, open late (til 3AM), with fun staff and a variety of menu items. This is definitely a spot to go with a small group, share some dishes and have a fun time, which is exactly what I did one night with Cathey K and Neli T. 

DRINKS: Like any fun sushi bar, there are plenty of drink specials. Try a sake sampler, they serve enough to share. The plum was my favorite. Ask about drink prices prior to ordering, they are not posted (glass, half bottle, and full bottle available).
APPS: Fun mix of options, really liked the sushi tostada. The sashimi roll I was looking forward to was so tiny as to be doll-sized, and the tuna carpaccio was tasty but seemed overly seared to point that it was cooked. This dish was redeeed by the garlic chip garnish, which I really enjoy. For something a little different, they have a brie and grape quesadilla, which they serve with avocado slices. It was weird but somehow worked.
NIGIRI: Octopus, uni, ikura, sweet shrimp, cajun albacore, and salmon were among the items we had. I like how the salmon already came with lemon slices, like I prefer, and the server asked if we wanted the fried heads for the shrimp.  They don't overdo it with the rice, happily.
ROLLS: This section seems to be their forte. The Stephanie roll was easily one of the favorites at our table  (and not because it's named after me- it isn't), while others didn't stand out as much but were creative and large. Half rolls are available, as are hand rolls.

Our server was sweet and attentive, and dishes came out quickly despite how busy they were. Note that the seating is a bit limited, and gets packed on weekends, when lingering likely isn't as welcome- but there is no posted time limit.  Our sweet server was great about checking in on us and giving us ample time to converse and catch up, would request her next time but unfortunately I didn't catch her name."
"I'm rarely on the far north side, but it's about time area residents get a juice bar of their own! Elevated Juice is convenient to the freeway, and handy for me to pop in before or after 5Ks or casual runs at Floyd Lamb Park. Chalk board menus, wood tables, and lots of natural light make this a welcoming spot.

Menu includes several juices ($8/ea) with specialty options and a trio of nut milks ($9/ea), coffees, and small food items like acai bowls and grab-and-go salads and sandwiches. The juice is obviously their focus though, and staff are really helpful about offering generous samples to help you make your selection.

So far, I've enjoyed the KiloBeet, Golden Beet, Mean Green, and Chia Milk, though the acai bowl was a little overblended (more like a smoothie bowl)- generous portion and lots of fresh fruit and nut toppings, though!"
"Yay, Peru Chicken has a new location! It's cleaner, larger, and closer to me. Really hoping this restaurant helps enliven the plaza and attract more businesses. In the mean time, pollo a la brasa and tallarin verde for everyone!

There are a growing number of places to get Peruvian food but  PC does it best- generously seasoned and juicy chicken, thickly-coated green noodles with medium-rare steak (and only $10!), cheap and crispy yucca frita. They also serve breakfast all day.

Service is quick and I really appreciate the upgraded space. One of these days I'll try their famous pumpkin donuts... or the lomo saltado. I tend to stick to the dishes I already know I like here, since they're done so well- on that note, maybe stick to the fried sides instead of rice, beans, and salad. Don't forget the aji!"
"I can't even begin to understand the sense of power and responsibility that must come with being entrusted with a squirt-gun full of sour cream, but apparently they don't give lessons on calibration.

Without fail, no matter what specific burrito I order, no matter how many times I say ""light sour cream"" or even ""NO sour cream"", there's inevitably one end of my burrito that is absolutely filled with the stuff.

I usually order twice as much as I actually want to eat, because I can reliably take a bite at one end or the other, determine which end doesn't have a mouthful of sour cream, and eat half of it. Then proceed to the next one, do the same, and toss the cream-soaked halves.

It's exhausting and wasteful but luckily one only gets a Taco Bell burrito craving every couple of months, when one's life is going on a spectacularly bad turn and you just want to eat the pain away."
"Enjoyed this location more than the one on Spring Mountain- looks small from the street, but has patio seating and a formal dining room in addition to the bar area. 

Food was decent but not great, seems you have to know what to order. The scotch egg is always a winner, as is the Stilton-Cabbage soup- it's great even in the heat of summer, salty and savory. The salad bowls are shallow so the portion doesn't quite match the price but they're generous with the toppings. The pies are good, but the steak is a little tough- I like the gravy though. 

Jennifer was super attentive as our server at the bar. Check their social media and site for their weekly schedule, they have AYCE fish and chips and pub trivia on Mondays and other events throughout the week.

TIP: They currently offer a $10 off $20 Yelp deal and a 10% off check-in offer."
"Questionable nutrition info aside, this place is both overpriced and lacking.
Service, in a word, sucks: I've walked in repeatedly to their crappy layout and been ignored by multiple staff. You literally walk in and stand right at someone's table staring at them because there's no signage or hostess to let you know to seat yourself, wait, or approach one of the two, unlabeled counters. It's awkward. 

When a place hypes themselves as being ""vegetarian"" the menu probably shouldn't include chicken in every other dish. But hey, I understand wanting to appeal to a larger audience- every dish can be ""made"" vegetarian/vegan using tofu. Which is questionably nutritious, as it's processed soy, but hey...

Much like the nearby Panini Café, this place somehow expects you to find it reasonable to spend $16 on a sandwich. I don't know about you, but I'd rather hit up the Strip for a gourmet burger from a celebrity chef if I'm going to pay that. And no, using organic ingredients doesn't justify it.

Tried the veggie Panini and the chicken pesto Panini- pesto was missing but even with it, I'm not sure the flavor would have been saved. Everything inside the sandwich is overpowered by the bread. And not in a good way.

This place is hyped as both ""vegetarian""/vegan and ""healthy"", and ""organic"" with little to the menu offerings that actually fit the criteria, which trumps the fact that they make half-decent desserts."
"This boutique is basically a smaller, local cross between a Claire's and Charming Charlies- they have relatively cheap jewelry and accessories (in terms of both quality and pricing) but the store itself is not as organized. Prices are mad cheap though- most items are $1, with the exception of earring sets and scarves/hats and purses, though those are still well-priced, too.

Purses are perhaps their best items, and also their priciest- they were 40% off when I went and still around $20-30 range, which was reasonable. I'm not as into purses as I once was, so I didn't take advantage, but I did sign up for their membership program, which emails you specials and gives you notice of new stock items and promotions.

Service was good- I was immediately greeted and shown around when I came in, checked on twice during my visit, and signed up/checked out in under 5 minutes. Everyone was friendly and polite, the store was packed with merch and the music was current.

Might come back, but won't be here frequently- not because I have a problem with anything, but I just don't wear much jewelry in the first place and my style isn't really found here. But it was good to grab a few pairs of earrings, and the prices certainly can't be beat."
"Large, clean, and organized store with staff who don't mind showing you exactly where your items are. Needed tiny binder rings for a project and found binders on my own, but the rings were in another section altogether.

Staff at front desk seemed to be in a good mood. Have had a business account with this company for years with various jobs, and the pricing here (particularly for bulk orders) is competitive, and was happy to see other items priced lower than at the nearby Michaels (spray adhesive, rubber cement).

I don't think I'd ever buy electronics here, but they have them. Wasn't clear whether this location has the full-service printing department that others boast- usually it's a separate counter but didn't see that here."
"Ono-licious eats on the south west side: plates are a large portion, flavors are good, food is fresh, and service is friendly. Menu has several add-on fees for options like brown rice (50 cents extra), choice of steak ($1/serving extra), and poke (two options, $1.25/serving extra), but base prices are pretty reasonable. 

PROS: Pulehu steak has good flavor, Kahlua pig is tender, both poke options were fresh. They have several sauces by the drink station, no extra charge if you want to get more than one salad dressing. The kimchee slaw and garlic edamame sides were better than expected.

CONS: Brown rice was crunchy, steak is fatty and doesn't need an extra charge, poke portions are tiny so buy by the pound instead, salad is served pre-tossed with tongs so majority of toppings fall to bottom and you receive mostly lettuce... Management should look into adding toppings by hand for those who order salad as an entree.

Some items need a little improvement but I liked what I got and would come again. BF isn't much of a Hawaiian food fan and he cleared his plate. Total for two orders (large plate, poke salad) was about $25 without drinks.

EDIT: Still keeping it four stars, but inconsistencies with the poke prevent me from ordering it here. Staff don't fill the tiny cups to a set amount, some customers get overflowing cups and some are barely filled to the top. Order by the pound or not at all."
"Great guys, great service. But full disclosure, I came in for a minor issue, not tire repair, which is supposed to be their forte.

Was driving down the freeway on a Sunday and saw my gas tank door pop open in my side view mirror. I pulled over and discovered the bolts broke off from the hinge and it was dangling by the gas cap dongle! Pulled up the handy Yelp app only to find that nearly every place in the area is closed on Sundays.

This spot was nearby and one of my only options- pulled into the bay, showed the guys the problem, and they had me on my way in five minutes. Friendly, professional, polite, and prompt."
"After hearing and reading so much praise for Red Moon, I was finally able to check it out when working in the area, only to find that they've been sold and replaced by Pizzalicious, with new ownership and management as well as an expanded menu increasing the sandwich and pasta options. Having never been before, I don't know how the current product compares to the previous ownership and rave reviews. However, I am a fan of Pizzalicious's other location and my food here was fairly good.

White Pie was super garlicky and tasty, but did not have the seasoned crust that Pizzalicious is known for. Staff also seemed somewhat unfamiliar with a white pie and kept asking whether I wanted to add on additional toppings. Note that a tasty garlic sauce (similar to an alfredo?) is used instead of the more traditional olive oil. Again, unable to speak on how this compares to RM's previous product.

Also ordered hot wings, which were served 6 to an order and all flats, accurate spice level. Parking lot is small but there are several tables inside and the staff seem to be working hard to maintain quality product. Not sure if it's as good as it used to be (I can't see myself driving across town like previous reviews state), but it's definitely tasty."
"Great selection of uniforms- primarily scrubs, but they also carry lab coats, chef coats, and various small medical supplies and accessories. Store is larger than it appears from the outside, and well-organized. Came for scrubs: good selection for both men and women, large racks of unisex sets, and great pricing! 

Military/student discount is 10%, if you don't qualify they also have a 10% Yelp check-in discount available, too!"
"Vegetarian and vegan food from a hole in the wall on the outskirts of Chinatown- specifically in the same building as Golden Tiki, but on the side facing Wynn, by Yu Yu. I had a hell of a time finding the place and missed it more than once.

The menu is fairly simple, with apps, soups, Chinese dishes, and bahn mi-style sandwiches, as well as boba- all vegetarian or vegan, the boba beverages made with soy milk. Prices are low, service is friendly, and the only real downside is the cash-only policy, which I always forget about (or else I'd be by more frequently).

The crispy ""chicken"" and avocado sandwich is pretty solid- heads up that it's heaped with tons of shredded carrot, which can overwhelm the other flavors at times. The bread is also not the freshest, openly kept in the refrigerator by the front counter. But the flavors inside the sandwich? They work, and not in a way that obviously betrays the fake nature of the ""meat"".

Another fave is the Vietnamese handrolls- the pork skin version gets a lot of praise from in other reviews, but I stick to the beef, which has a surprisingly believable texture, even if the roll itself is a bit heavy on the noodles and lighter on the herbs and veggies than I'd like.

Service is quick. Park on the street. And don't forget your cash."
"Great place to grab lunch when in the mood for an Asian noodle dish or some pho, especially if they have a deal up on Yelp- grabbed the $8 for $16 deal before heading out last week and hitting this place on vacation.

Went with bf and a friend and shared the spring roll and egg roll appetizers, then had 2 phos and the combination vermicelli bowl. The portions we received, as well as those we saw going to other tables, were enormous- none of us finished our dishes, even after sharing.

The phos had a very flavorful broth and plenty of meat, and the vermicelli bowl included both BBQ pork, shrimp, and additional spring rolls. All dishes were hot and fresh, and the rolls were crisp and not soggy in the least, as at other places.

Also had two Vietnamese coffees, both super strong and delicious as well. The menu also boasts a huge selection of smoothies and bobs drinks, if you come thirsty or feel like dessert afterward.

Service was attentive and prompt, despite multiple tables and a single server. Combined with the great good quality and the great Groupon deal, make this place a great place to try."
"I've got izakaya fever and the only cure is... more Japanese tapas! Heads up that the lunch menu is more casual fusion fare (sushi burritos, for example) while the dinner menu is mostly traditional dishes, with a great board of specials- handily posted over each table for your drooling convenience.

As staples, I'd order the UNI CHAWAN MUSHI ($7)- delicate egg custard dish with uni and mushrooms, served in the cutest French china pot, which was second only to a phenomenal MUSHROOM PORRIDGE with egg (back page of menu by the rice bowls)- it's saucy and carby and comforting and flavorful all at once.  Not to mention packed with mushrooms.  
Other favorite dishes include the CRISPY TUNA CRACKER, which manages to be both spicy and crispy without being too spicy or too crispy. The TEMPURA WHITE FISH ($6) is divine- I'd order several for the table, the flavorful, flakey fish goes fast. If it's on the specials menu, I'd consider the TUNA BELLY STEAK ($12) a must-order; the dipping sauce and perfectly-cooked interior make for an orgasmic bite.

I did not originally plan on ordering sushi here, but was easily persuaded to try their sashimi specials- and the freshness of their fish rivals the top-ranked places in town. I also really enjoyed some of their simpler rolls, like the salmon and avocado- that section of the menu isn't too large and consists mostly of classic combinations.

Heads up that orders may take a while if there are several large groups- it's a small place with a small kitchen. I would like to suggest that they NOT use the first table inside the door for groups, as squeezing my butt past someone's face is NOT my idea of a good start to my meal- nor one I would want to experience."
"You might be in a questionable side of town of the tellers at the bank are behind a wall of glass. This was my first thought as I walked in.

On the bright side, employees are quick, efficient, and friendly.

Just a heads up, this location does not do money orders, only cashiers checks- and only for account holders. 

Also, why is it that Evelyn Aguyo has a plaque above her window calling her a Professional Teller? Is everyone else an amateur or in training? She's great, sweet and very helpful, but the sign is bizarre."
"There is only one reason to give an otherwise-mediocre convenience store a review. And that reason is Slurpees. Coming from a state that doesn't have 7-11s,, you had to pay for a $10 movie ticket, then shell out about $5, to get Icees- and that was as close as you could get to a Slurpee.

This convenience store is conveniently located and gets multiple visits from me. On good days, I'll celebrate with a Slurpee. On bad days, I'll seek one out as comfort food. Needless to say, the convenience has made my frequent Slurpee habit border on addiction.

BF gets lucky when I stop here, and I'll often grab him some sunflower seeds, beer, or a treat from the pastry case for something sweet. Downside to this location is that they inconsistently stock some of their foods and it's always hit or miss whether or not they'll have the whole seeds in stock without having to grab some bizarre flavor like dill pickle.

Staff here are friendly in a way that you don't usually see in a convenience store- they'll make conversation and remember you after a few visits, unlike cashiers I'm used to getting who look like they hate their lives and wish they were anywhere but work."
"After the urgent recommendations of several Yelp Elite, I finally made it here for dinner this evening! After having phenomenal ramen in the Bay area, I was curious about how Vegas would compare. Luckily, at least here at Ramen Sora, it's high quality and delicious and really hits the spot. The broth especially just totally makes it here.

Got the deluxe sora ramen, regular size, miso, for my first visit. BF isn't a fan, so he got the large curry bowl. His came out first, and it was just right- large portion for the price ($6.50), flavors were spot on and it was definitely comfort food. He inhaled the dish. My broth was rich and delish, the chashu pork plentiful and flavorful, and the bamboo, nori, and egg really complemented one another. Noodles were plentiful and nicely chewy, but slightly thinner than expected, given that someone told me they were thick? Guess we have different expectations. I am bummed that I only get half of a (usually overcooked) egg in my ramen here.

EDIT: have returned for both the spicy ramen and the nori ramen. Can't rave enough about the nori one, which is the most unique one I've tried so far. The spicy version will clear out your congestion in no time flat, perfect when you're feeling under the weather."
"[T]asty doesn't even begin to describe this dish!
[O]nce you try it, you'll get the hype-
[M]any reviews cite it as the reason they come here...

[Y]ou will too once you try it!
[U]ntil now, I never knew the  flavors of this soup; 
[M]y taste buds still did a happy dance, regardless.

[G]o now and grab an 
[O]rder, it's
[O]verflowing with seafood 
['N'] it packs a punch of 
[G]ood and balanced flavors.

[F]inally, a dish I can
[R]egularly order when
[I]'m overwhelmed by Chinatown options.
[E]ven though I love trying new things,
[D]efinitely going to get this dish, here,

[R]egularly.
[I]
[C]an only hope that you
[E]njoy this dish as much as I do."
"I'll openly admit that I haven't had much Filipino food, but the food I had here came with tons of bone fragments. Choking hazard, dental damage hazard, and simply not acceptable for restaurant food.

No signage, pricing, or menu available, just the dried-out and uncovered options at the buffet, labeled on the sneeze guard. I was handed a Styrofoam box to scoop my own rice from the cooker, and employee packed my two entrées of chicken adobo and curry chicken. Limited options, all looked dry, was disappointed not to have any soup or lumpia. 

$6 total was small for the heavy box of food I received, but you get what you pay for. Chicken in both dishes was of low quality with a lot of gristle, and bone fragments were everywhere. Sauces for both dishes were understated and borderline bland, neither had any spice to it at all.

The buffet style doesn't lend itself to high expectations in the first place, but Fiesta Filipino manages a much higher quality with fresher food... and no bone fragments.

EDIT: All you people posting 5-star reviews just because this place is ""so clean"", apparently you regularly give your business to dirty restaurants?!  Sorry, upholding the health department code isn't enough for me."
"Solid boba option- bonus points for being open late, which really is the only reason I stopped in. I had never heard of the boba babes concept before, and was a little intimidated to visit solo.  But ever since that first visit, I've been back several times for UYEs and late-night boba cravings after hitting the gym.

Service is attentive and friendly, owner CD is a great guy and a fellow Yelper, the boba babes have sweet personalities to match their stellar appearances- thigh-tattoo girl is probably my favorite, she's there most frequently when I go.

Pricing is reasonable, boba is never mushy, menu is simple but has a lot of options: rose milk tea, taro milk tea, and iced green tea are frequent picks, but they also have a good Vietnamese coffee. Love their heart-shaped straws and glass jars for dining-in. Menu also has a few snacks: heads up that the hot wings are actually hot."
"Dream Bean seems to have replaced another coffee shop in this space just outside Greenland Market- I like how it's one of the few spaces in the plaza that is reliably clean and friendly, no language barriers. The exterior entrance is also convenient.

Menu includes hot, cold, and blended coffee and non-coffee beverages (the pistachio latte is popular), with a limited food menu (fish cakes with red bean and other desserts). The interior is the same as the previous owners, with a clean and homey theme of wall-quotes and sitting areas. 

Prices are a bit higher than I remember, with extra charges for both flavoring syrups (50 cents) and alternative milks (69 cents), which bring the otherwise reasonably low coffee prices Starbucks-high if you want anything other than basic coffee or their featured beverage (currently a pumpkin-spice latte)."
"BF is a huge fan of this place- fond memories of their late night menu and quite a few game day beerfests. He vaguely remembered their prime rib being excellent, so we stopped in for dinner on a Friday night.

Sure enough, signage at the door confirmed that Friday is prime rib night, 7-11PM. Discrepancy with the menu though, which states that dinner specials are 7-10PM. Either way, they were down to only well-done prime rib by 9PM, so I guess that's the day you're supposed to get there at 7 exactly or just cross your fingers.

Good bar for a game, plenty of beers and lots of screens. LIked the cozy booths and the variety of seating options available. Don't know if they offer more game day specials for appetizers, but the prices were a little high, IMO.

I went for the chili and side salad combo: $10; BF opted for a burger with a side of homemade chips and a beer, $10. Total came to about $25, so not bad all together, but I felt it was overpriced for what it was. BF would likely only return for late night menu pricing.

Salad was nothing to write home about, dressing was bottled and not particularly flavorful (bleu cheese). Chili was surprisingly bland despite being drenched in cheese and onions. Not sure how they managed that one. Had high hopes considering it's made with black beans and sirloin, but it seemed like it was old. Later that night I had a stomach ache, lesson learned.

BF's burger had swiss, bacon, and grilled onions, though I can't remember the name. I found it to be dry and flavorless, BF didn't think it was that bad. Though we ordered the chips, burger arrived with fries- server immediately caught the error and brought us an extra side of the chips.

Verdict was that we should have stuck with the fries, which were much better. Chips were impressive in that they were superthin and waffle-cut: no clue how that happens, and it was cool, but they were also overly greasy and lacked crunch, and weren't particularly flavorful. The Lawry's seasoning only seemed to be on about 1/4 of the dish.

Service was attentive and friendly, beer was cold and good, food was meh. Would go back for a game, but would probably eat before coming here."
"Gelato? In Chinatown? Okay, I'm interested.
Unfortunately the gelato here, as Stephanie mentioned, has a consistency and texture more on par with ice cream than gelato. That's not to say it's bad though, just not quite right. 

Amaretto, chocolate coffee, and tiramisu flavors all stood out. As did the service, which was exceptionally friendly. However, the pricing also stood out: in a negative way though. I found it to be exceptionally high: $4.50 for a single scoop, up to $6 something for two, and over $8 for three. I have no need for more than a single scoop, but they are running a grand opening promotion of 3 scoops for the price of 2.

Cups for sizes other than single-scoop are unique and modeled after old-school dessert dishes. All gelatos served with a wafer-like accent that tastes almost like a cookie.

Menu also includes coffees, gelato cakes, and they have a pastry case at the register containing cream puffs, tiramisu, fruit tarts, and other baked goods. Pricing on those items seemed comparable to other upscale bakeries in town, higher end for Chinatown."
"First off, this campus is GIGANTIC. I literally could not tell it apart from the surrounding college buildings. The school is huge and the campus itself is very modern- bathrooms consistently clean and very big, lots of technology available for teacher and student use, and a strong admin presence at this campus.

Per their rankings/scores, this school does fairly well- better than average, at the very least. Teachers with CCSD undergo a lot of training and are provided with many tools to succeed, and are open to meeting with parents and discussing anything that make arise as a problem on campus or in their classrooms."
"Where else in Vegas can you find an indoor cherry blossom tree?! The dessert menu is composed of fruity concoctions with a milk-based snow and various gelatos. The customization options are pretty extensive but note that the flavors trend toward the more traditional so you may need to ask questions or sample things if choosing the build-your-own snowbox.

I was underwhelmed by what we tried. The strawberry gelato latte was not very sweet and had no aspect that explained the ""latte"" part of the name- glass was half-milk, half-strawberry juice, with a scoop of strawberry gelato. The lone scoop was not enough to thicken or sweeten the portion. The PBit snowbox fared a little better, with a variety of textures, but also wasn't sweet. The use of PB2 also made the flavors less palatable for those who are unfamiliar with the product and expected creamy texture instead of a flavored powder on the shaved ice. Surprisingly, the basic gelato scoop from the display case was our favorite item- very creamy texture, and sweet enough to satisfy the dessert urge that brought us in.

The decor is nice but it seems like some of the menu items need to be tweaked. Note that the more popular snow ice dishes (which seem to be their best items!) serve 3-4, so bring a couple of friends who are willing to share."
"I love the peppy, smiley service and the bright, clean location, but this time I opted for the grilled tenders and was distinctly disappointed- the tenders are on the smallish side (about the size of my finger), and the ones I received were noticeably dry and a bit tough. The buffalo-bleu dipping sauce perked it up, but I wasn't wowed like I was by the original version at the first Vegas location. Stick to the fried tenders!"
"I've been by a few times now, and while I'm happy to have a 24 hour taco alternative to Robertos, I still don't get what's so fun about this place. Food has been hit or miss, with minimal protein in burritos but a great green salsa. The breakfast torta is a huge portion for the low price but avoid the ""breakfast tacos"" (oddly served as fried hard shells?) and fish tacos (which seems to consist of a single overcooked fish stick). They have well-priced daily specials and the service is friendly, but the menu keeps getting smaller and smaller with entire portions covered up. Hopefully they'll find their niche and stick around."
"Steaming hot bowls of ramen in the heat of a Vegas summer?! Not my idea of a good time, but their $3 promo lured me in with a group of friends. Things got even hotter when we discovered that their broth is also kicked up with spices, adding another level of heat to the situation.

I ordered the Miso, medium, and added an egg. What I received was tolerably spicy but unfortunately, the spice covered up any other flavors. There were plenty of included toppings (chashu, ground pork, bamboo, chive, garlic, peppers), but the chashu was extremely thinly cut, discounted price or not. 

But my main beef is that the hallmark of great ramen is the quality and depth of flavor in the broth. The noodles were thin but had the right chew, but I have no idea whether I was even served the correct broth I ordered because I couldn't taste anything else. As Bailey Z put it, I ate my food but I did not enjoy my meal.

With so many great ramen spots in town, it would take a friend suggesting this one for me to return. I hear better things about their other location, plus this one has a terribly crowded parking lot."
"I'm one of those people who is reluctant to fill up my gas tank until the warning light has been on for two solid days. This gas station is the closest one to my residence. By default, they get much of my business.

I strongly dislike AM/PM for their charges for using credit cards, and other run-down-looking stations often do not let you use credit without going inside to prepay- I've never had an issue with either of those things here, and despite a Valero being across the street, this place is consistently about five cents less per gallon.

Service inside is hit or miss- usually friendly but they may not have everything you need or expect, very bare-bones. They usually have working Slushee machines, and may or may not have hotdogs, but I remember one day I could not find napkins or a fork to save my life.

Despite the run-down appearance (inside and out) this place is fairly clean and friendly."
"Came during HH at the suggestion of other reviews: It's 3PM-6PM, Mon-Fri, FYI. Half-off limited drinks, no food specials. Only the Original Margarita is discounted (down to $5), and it's a full-sized glass instead of the typical lowball glass one might expect. I don't know if I'd splurge the $10+ for a specialty version, but the lychee one sounds delicious.

Food menu is pretty basic, with two-taco plates running $10, additional options for burritos and nachos. They get bonus points for offering vegetarian options and barbacoa, which has been difficult to find in Las Vegas- their version isn't great, but it's adequate. The $7 order of nachos (+$2 for protein) is on par with Chipotle in terms of size, taste, and price. 

The service was really great, Mario and his sidekick were friendly and outgoing and checked up on us frequently. Aside from that, this place was a bit more average than I had hoped for. Considering Hussong's has been around 120+ years, the food was very Americanized... as were the prices."
"I thought Scarpetta was supposed to be a step up from DOCG, but unfortunately found it to be the opposite. Have had several great experiences at DOCG, but rather than topping it, Scarpetta didn't even compare.

STARTERS
BREAD BASKET: Five types of bread (the olive-studded one and the rolled spinach and cheese were favorites) and three dipping sauces (really liked the tomato tapenade, lemon olive oil was aromatic).
RAW YELLOWTAIL ($18): Four thin slices of yellowtail sashimi, accented with ginger oil and red onion, and what seemed to be sea salt? Liked it but not worth the price.
ENGLISH PEA SOUP ($19): Much better than the version at Giada's. I liked the mint accents and flavorful rock shrimp, though there could have been more of it. Note that this is a hot soup, not chilled.
MEDITERRANEAN OCTOPUS: Not the best version I've had but good, I liked that it was a pretty plate formed using one whole octopus tentacle rather than pieces as elsewhere. This is plated with ceci beans and what seemed to be hummus. 

PASTAS
SPAGHETTI: BF's pick, and his favorite for the night. Classic but well-made spaghetti with tomato and basil. I agree with another reviewer who said this dish tasted like the pasta version of a margherita pizza.
ORECCHIETTI: ""Little ears"" pasta with broccoli rabe and a house-made sausage. Neither of us really cared for this and wished we had opted to split one of the fish entrees instead. Note that this was on the night's menu in place of the gnocchetti sardi on the online menu.
AGNOLOTTI: Short rib, brown butter, and horseradish bread crumbs. Ordered this dish because it was one most recommended in reviews. It was rich and I enjoyed the actual pasta, but the combination of flavors didn't especially work for me. 

DESSERTS
CAPPUCCINO: Very well made, no bitterness or acidity or burned taste at all, just pure, strong coffee, and a ton of foam. 
STRAWBERRY SOUFFLE: Another dish that was significantly better than one I had at Giada's (hers was lemon flavored). This was like eating a cloud, it was so perfectly executed. The strawberry gelato was among the most flavorful versions I've had, and the fresh strawberry accents were so ripe that this dish didn't need the accompanying creme fraiche. 
AMEDEI CHOCOLATE CAKE: For the chocolate-lover. This was extremely rich and dense, more like a brownie than a cake. The almond gelato had almonds on top for texture, which we liked, but the flavor of the salted caramel sauce was minimal and the cake itself was a bit overcooked and hard.

The appetizers were okay, the pastas were okay, and the desserts were okay. As I left, I wished I'd just gone next door to get the incredible salted caramel bundino at DOCG, which blows both of the desserts we had here out of the water.

Service was attentive, and I appreciate that we were able to get a seat in the second row from the windows even with a last-minute reservation. Location is dark and romantic, making photos nearly impossible (and largely inappropriate). Overall quality of food was less than expected. I'll be returning to DOCG instead, even though it is more casual... they have a better wine list, too."
"World famous flavored fries? Okay, I'm intrigued. I've seen another stand at Meadows Mall but have no idea if this is a chain, or a local chain, or what. They make fresh fries, add a powdered seasoning of your choice, and dipping sauces. Apparently now they also offer chicken in the form of wings, tenders, and bites.

Chicken Bite Combo comes with a mega (medium) sized fry, a drink, and a dipping sauce. The loopy fries are fun, portion is large, and the garlic-parm dust was fragrant but not overpowering. Bites seemed beer-battered, white meat, better quality than expected. 

Service was polite, when directly addressing them. Not especially friendly, a bit slow, but would keep this stand in mind for a snack the next time I'm at this mall.

TIP: they have a check in discount ($2 off a wing combo) and a Yelp deal ($8 for $15) available."
"The $7 Super Gyro pita is legit- delicious tzatziki sauce, crumbles of feta, and an ample portion of gyro meat all packed on a thick pita bread. Bit of miscommunication when ordering and fries were added on to my order, despite repeatedly saying I didn't want them. 

Service is prompt, restaurant interior is old-school, docking a star for the menu- instead of scribbling over your line items in marker when you change prices. If you can afford the rent on Fremont Street, you can afford a new menu board every decade."
"Heard of this place through Groupon- they also have Yelp deals and other discount offers available, if you're thinking of going. But I'd like to dissuade you from doing so.

For starters, service from the owner is dismal-stopped by last week to use my deal and he was arguing with another Groupon customer, loudly and unprofessionally. I wouldn't have gone back without my discount.

The meat here is of such low quality, it's embarrassing. The pulled pork was so shredded that it nearly looked ground and the only flavor came from the sauce. Ribs were mediocre, and for a place named after their ribs this is unacceptable- low quality, not particularly meaty or flavorful, and a bit too charred.

The brisket though. As a Texas girl, I know brisket about as well as I know my own grandmother. And I don't know what the hell they're serving here. Meat is not fresh and is cut so thinly that it appears to be prepackaged. Little to no flavor, this is not brisket. I was so, so disappointed.

We left more than half of our food on our plates, paid, and left. Owner was half asleep in a booth at the back of the dining room and did not address us at all, despite being the only customers and clearly having an issue with their product.

Don't go here- they don't care about their customers or their product. There's a reason they have a million discount deals up and NO customers. Barbecue sauce was tasty, but there's nothing here to put it on worth eating."
"I love finding cute little cafés with wifi, cozy seating and decor, and tasty food: it's like a trifecta! There is also a drive thru for convenience, and the hours are crazy long: 6am to 9pm most days. 

But if you use the drive thru, you might be missing out on the phenomenal selection of breakfast and lunch pastries, cookies, wraps, crepes, and quiches! If you're on a diet though, maybe the drive thru keeps you away from temptation.

Service is friendly, teachers and students get a 10% discount! and the dining area has a tv! an aquarium! AND a chess board. I might just camp out here all weekend."
"I'm really not a fan of this company, and I dislike supporting them. But jeez there are a ton of them on this side of town!

Stopped in earlier this week. It's been a good few years and a couple of states since I've been in a Walmart, and everything looks the same. Except maybe the prices. I guess even Walmart has been affected by inflation and the economy.

The only redeeming factor about this place is their low, low prices. So when I walk in and the prices are just about average with everyone else, I'm really confused as to how they're still open and, apparently, thriving.

I'm betting it has something to do with the scant 3 employees running a total of 2 registers and overseeing the self-checkout."
"The name is spot on: the tacos here are bomb! I'm a fan of the original location on Durango, particularly of their grilled octopus tacos that are an occasional daily special (peep the insta to know when), but even without specials, the standard street tacos are anything but, particularly their vegan varieties. 

Despite the name, they offer more than tacos, including burritos and asada fries, but I stick to the handheld version. The array of protein options will make your decision making difficult, but the rock shrimp, crispy potato, fried cauliflower, asada, and mushroom are all pretty good. They also have a crispy brisket version I haven't yet managed to try. 

TIP: Prices are high and my appetite for tacos is large so, I go on Tuesdays when they have specials- 5/$15, from a limited selection."
"Can't say much that others haven't before me- stopped in with my sweet-tooth BF. I don't really care for sodas or candy, so I'm not really part of the target audience here. Appreciated seeing the many vintage or limited-edition items and signage, though.

In addition to eatables and drinkables, there are some novelty items- picked up a few items as gifts for a friend. Would come back to get a selection of oddball treats as a white elephant gift or to look for a particular sweet for a friend."
"Great branding with the polar bear mascot, effusively polite service from the cashier, and tasty treats to beat the heat! Not sure which came first, this place or SnowFlake, but they essentially offer the same basic product with different menus of special combination dishes.

Opted for the Bruce GreenTea here, with mochi, red bean, and popping boba, and felt it was decent. The toppings here were more the highlight than the shaved ice, and Snowflake is the other way around where the toppings particularly complement the snow.

Didn't find it crunchy but it was a little overly sweet for a flavor (green tea) that traditionally isn't- with red bean and mochi, I thought I'd get a dessert more on the balanced-Asian-dessert spectrum than I actually received."
"The thing to know about Thai Spice is that if you order average dishes here, you're probably going to have an average experience. Go for the more diverse dishes you don't see on every Thai menu for an experience that will stand out. 

Came in with a large group and everyone seemed pretty satisfied with their food, I found their papaya salad and shrimp pad thai to be on par with others in town. But I was downright impressed with the catfish curry and the whole fried pompano- they're not especially complicated dishes but well-executed, cooked so the fish wasn't dried out and the sauces were robust and at the specified spice level (7/10). I will definitely be back for the catfish, and love that they have several seafood dishes including a soft shell crab salad.

Service was efficient even considering our large group (~20), and made good recommendations. Lunch specials are available, as is online ordering through Yelp with Eat24."
"Because I'm all about that catfish-- and Mario's is some of the best I've EVER had. Being from south Texas, it's been hard to find southern-style gulf seafood, but Mario does catfish right. The batter is light and full of flavor, you won't even miss the tartar sauce and the hot sauce is entirely optional. Sides of mac and greens taste like they were made with someone's grandma's recipe, they're that good. 

Location is a bit odd- head in anyway, and hang a left to  the back of the store. If there's a line (and there will be), suck it up and wait. Buy by the pound or purchase a meal, but don't go without getting catfish. They also offer chicken tenders, wings, and a bunch of other sides, but it's probably best to stick to the basics before branching out.

Eat in at their small dine-in area by the coolers of sodas, or grab yours to go- if it's too far from home, you can always take it to the nearby Lorenzi park. You'll need to break a sweat after eating this kind of meal."
"As the name states, this spot has crepes- and they are tasty! Portion sizes are huge and the DIY ordering style allows you to select your sweet or savory fillings from fruits, meats, cheese, ice cream, sauces, and various veggies. Create the healthiest crepe you want or go all-out on sugar, the choice is yours. I do wish they offered grilled chicken strips rather than just sliced deli meats.

Even though it's not mentioned in the name, the real treasure here is the frozen bananas- you can buy them whole on the stick, dipped in chocolate and additional nuts, coconut flakes, or sprinkles, or in pieces to mix and match. This is the ultimate healthy treat for me, and always a stop after hitting up the EZ Fitness gym across the street. 

Staff as friendly and helpful, clean and cheerfully-decorated location is small but welcoming. The parking lot is small and finding a spot can be a hassle at times, but the food is totally worth it."
"Sushi? On the east side? *Record skip*
Mixed in with a million jaliscos, taquerias, and mariscos is Sushiro, tucked into a plaza with a karaoke joint, a clothing outlet, and a Mexican grocery store. If I lived nearby, I'd probably round up just for the convenience of finally having sushi nearby but I ultimately went with three stars because I'd personally drive further to go elsewhere. But this place is A-OK.

They offer AYCE and a la carte, with limited nigiri but reasonable pricing. I opted for the chirashi ($15) which the chef didn't seem to know how to make but he was shown by what appears to be the owner. You can't compare this dish to the chirashis you get for twice the price, but there were a few things to make this version unique- bed was a mix of lettuce and rice, the rice was hot and overly seasoned with eel sauce, and the dish was served with two sauces (spicy chili sauce and a spicy mayo sauce), which were appreciated but unwarranted. The fish was passably fresh, though the shrimp had seen better days. I'm not usually a fan of tamago, and this version had several pieces that seemed to be grilled, which leant an extra layer of flavor and texture that I enjoyed. 

All  in all, my meal was okay. I was the only diner on a weekday during prime dinner hours and the service was fittingly attentive. The dining room is large and clean, and I like that they were playing Jiro Dreams of Sushi  over the bar as I enjoyed my solo sushi meal. I'd pop by again if work brings me to the area again."
"Don't be scared off by the ridiculous wait times: we were told it would be 45 minutes, but we were seated in 15! Service is friendly and quick, but once they give you your bill make sure you head to the front to cash out- the servers don't do that part.

KAHLUA PORK BENEDICT: Didn't care for the cabbage, found the pork itself a little bland, but somehow all the flavors together really made a great dish. Wish the potatoes had just a touch more seasoning, but they were perfectly crisp.
HUNTINGTON SKILLET: Seasoned potatoes topped with over-easy eggs, bacon, cheese, pico de gallo, AND avocado?! It's a party in your mouth, no additional seasoning needed. 
WHITE CHOCOLATE MACADAMIA NUT PANCAKES: These are so sweet, you wont even need the syrup. Between the two of us, we couldn't even finish a short stack they were so sugary. Didn't detect any macadamia flavor or crunch, though.
GARLIC RICE: Love how fragrant this dish is! Smelled it cooking and had to have some, definitely tempted to upgrade to the adobo fried rice next visit.

The thing that really amazed me was that none of the food we received was unnecessarily greasy, a common issue with breakfast/diner food. If you want to come here, better to go early (before 10) or wait til lunch- the place really cleared out by 11:30AM. Really liked the friendly island-style service, want to come back for the Kahlua grilled cheese."
"Limited menu of Vienna dogs, a few sandwiches, and fries out of a shack on the side of the road. Heads up that they're cash only and don't have covered seating available. Dog was okay, made to order yet somehow still barely warm for just over $3. Not sure I'd come back if I were in the area, definitely wouldn't come out of my way."
"This is a comedy, not an athletic event. I don't even know where to start, but suffice it to say that after nearly 50 fun runs and 5Ks, this was the worst organized one I've ever been a part of.

For starters, there was no reminder email or any info about the day other than what you got when you registered- their website lists the price as $70, and the event seemed like they spent about that much on the entire day. They have a $30 off discount code on their site, and you can get it even cheaper through Groupon. But $20 isn't worth the headache of showing up an hour early, waiting 50 minutes to check in, then waiting an additional half hour plus for them to start late. The course wasn't 5K, even if you did the loop twice, and the color stations on the route were pathetic- one person with a couple packets of powder, occasionally tossing it in the air. 

There were all of 10 people involved with this event and it's clear they've never been to any other running events to know how to organize them, nor have they read any reviews to get a clue about where to improve. Apparently they missed the part where you're supposed to get the (cheap metal dog-tag style) ""finishers medal"" at the END of the run instead of with your packet pickup. Oh, and the start/finish line banner was strung up on rope between a tree and a light post. Like I said, it was a comedy. Hilarious! So much so that Groupon refunded my purchase price within 24 hours."
"I strongly dislike the way this chain advertises super-low gas prices, then gouges you with a credit card fee. This is 2014, get with the program!

This location is often packed, despite other gas stations being on 2 of the other 3 corners at this intersection and they all have around the same pricing.

Have only been inside to make a purchase once, and it was unbearably slow.
Docking a star out of sheer irritation, as the pumps do not have ANY trash cans or paper towels available. Is this a cost-saving measure or do they just not want to have to hire someone to empty the cans? It's unnecessarily stingy and inconvenient."
"A good spot for grubbin' on some of Emeril's best. I wouldn't have even known about this place if I hadn't seen a poster advertising their 4 courses for $48 deal in the Venetian elevator. It's a good price for a lot of food, most of it quite good. 

FIRST COURSE
FLAME-ROASTED MARROW BONES: $11 for three giant bones. This was a great start t our meal, with the gelatinous gold spread onto baguette slices and sprinkled with sea salt. (Not part of the 4/$48)
ROASTED PUMPKIN SOUP: I assume it's seasonal, and it is damn good. Get it while you can. This soup is surprisingly thick (like potato) yet smooth, with a light, rich flavor. The toasted pumpkin seeds and pumpkin oil added just the right bit of ""extra"" to keep it from being too simple.
CHICKEN + ANDOUILLE SAUSAGE GUMBO: it's not my favorite version, but a passable one for the Strip location. Slightly spicy, surprisingly meaty, and served over soft white rice.

SECOND COURSE
EMERIL'S BBQ SHRIMP: Overcooked shrimp seemed like it had been sitting out, the NewOrleans barbecue glaze wasn't well-received by others at the table, and the rosemary biscuit had nice flavors but was hard and dry.
SMOKEY MUSHROOM PASTA: A surprise hit! Fresh, perfectly al-dente pasta with tasso ham, smoked mushrooms, and parmesan cheese, with a zesty Cajun sauce. I could have done without the ham, and expected slightly more mushrooms given the name of the dish, but was pleasantly surprised by this dish.

THIRD COURSE (MAINS)
EMERIL'S PORK CHOP: served with caramelized sweet potatoes, which paired perfectly and went perfectly with the colder fall season. This was one of the best pork chops I've had, tender and juicy with plenty of flavor and a great seasoning/glaze. The menu description also mentions a ""green chile mole"" that I either didn't receive or that simply wasn't distinct from the other flavors on the plate.
CARAMELIZED SEA SCALLOPS: Got this over the short rib at the suggestion of our server, and ended up really enjoying it. Light flavors and portion, consisting of 3 large scallops served on a smear (there really should have been more!) of a great cauliflower puree, with a sea of brown butter sauce, accented with raisins, marcona almonds, and capers. This was surprisingly well-balanced, I liked that the capers didn't overpower the other, milder ingredients. I do wish the scallops had a better sear, though.

FOURTH COURSE (DESSERTS)
BANANAS FOSTER BREAD PUDDING: A decent bread pudding, topped with two lonely slices of banana, with a caramel glaze and more whipped cream and chocolate shavings. A less successful banana-based dessert.
EMERIL'S BANANA CREAM PIE: Heavenly. A homemade crust topped with tons of fresh banana, a blanket of smoothly sweet banana cream, and decorated with chocolate curls, caramel sauce, and whipped cream. I would come back for this.

Our server, Diana, was great at making suggestions and checking on us without being overbearing. Interior seating is dark and quiet with a date-night atmosphere. Large bar area offers a limited ""bar bites"" menu, and there is a HH available, but by far the best deal is their 4 course dinner."
"Beyond disappointed and embarrassed to have taken my boyfriend's parents here last night. I'm a huge fan of Guy Fieri and was bummed to miss his Yelp Elite event last month, and was so excited to try this place. Epically backfired.

GET THIS: 
Triple T Fries are delish, but don't eat the ""creamy white truffle dip""- no flavor, seems to be sour cream. Oh, and they're $14, so consider yourself warned.
The hefeweizen beer featured on the current menu is also damn delicious. Too bad it took 20 minutes and half of our meal to get to us.

DON'T GET: 
MORGAN'S GREEK SALAD is plated poorly and difficult to cut up and eat the full romaine leaves. Only one piece of feta in the entire dish, fell off the plate due to the plating issue and was unable to eat it. The dressing was citrusy and not at all appealing. Only Greek components of this salad were the feta I couldn't eat and a handful of olives. There was no hummus in this dish as listed on menu, and the croutons were soggy.
The MAYOR OF FLAVORTOWN is a dry burger with pastrami of questionable quality. Somehow it looked like brisket with a dark color and odd taste. The Dijon mustard was also flavorless. Served with crinkle-cut sweet potato fries that looked and tasted like they were from the grocery store bulk bag. Did not finish.

MAYBE TAKE A GAMBLE:
DOUBLE BARREL BBQ WINGS are cut lollipop style, which was visually pleasing and easier for my bf's dad to consume, and Guy's signature bourbon brown sugar bbq sauce was neither bold nor flavorful, making it even more palatable for a guy who hates spice but couldn't find anything else on the menu he wanted to take a gamble on. Good dish for the person who ordered it, but not something I can recommend.

Service was also awful. As mentioned above, we waited 20 minutes for our beers. That is simply unacceptable. We also ordered a margarita that tasted like lemonade and did not seem to have any liquor in it- sent it back. Should have sent everything back, but at 1AM our options were limited, I didn't want to make a scene in front of my potential future in-laws, and quite frankly, we never saw our server.

Receipt came in an iPhone holder, with the device, to complete a dining experience survey about our visit. I would have loved to. But the iPhone was out of battery and shut off. Seriously?!

I am so embarrassed to have suggested this place and will not be recommending it.  Spending $100 to like an order of fries is ridiculous.
Bad service + bad food = bad experience."
"Who would have thought a three star review and the word ""grumpy"" could result in a police report for battery? 

I won't be coming here again after my recent experience. My BF wrote a review that pointed out the male owner was grumpy, due to his frequent unprofessional demeanor and tone.

A few evenings ago, we were grabbing a coffee in the drive-thru and the man began calling him racist epithets peppered with F-bombs. This escalated to spitting in his face and chasing our car with a baseball bat while screaming threats. All because he was called grumpy, which was clearly the understatement of the century.

How ironic to think this all started over lackluster customer service. No wonder this place is always empty despite being across the street from a college campus."
"I'm impressed this spot manages to stay so busy in a plaza with so many other quick lunch options, including a Panera. And there's another location just a couple blocks north at Lake Mead. But this spot always seems to have a line. Luckily, it goes fast.

I usually do the pick-two, and more often than not opt for the mushroom soup because it's consistently amazing. Their seasonal specials are worth checking out too- they had a Mexican pork sandwich that I ate nearly twice a week til it was gone! I've never had an issue with freshness or service here, but the constant questions in the ordering process (add-ons for cheese, nuts, garnishes, etc) can get overwhelming on your first visit or if you're placing a large order for a group."
"Rolled ice cream has rolled into Boca Park in the former Vivido Gelato space!  Came in during their soft opening and was torn between the Smores and coffee-flavored specialty options. Helpful staff suggested the DeathB4Decaf option (made with a coffee base) and added the toasted mashmallow from the other choice, which just hit the spot! 

The order was out pretty quick and I liked that the rolls held their shape very well and didn't melt. The flavor of the ice cream itself was more pronounced than I've had elsewhere, and the coffee flavor was really distinct. Looking forward to coming back to try their Thai tea version soon!

They still have gelato available for those who are unwilling to wait if there's a line. They have 3 of the ice tables so as long as they have trained staff working, they should be able to keep getting orders out fast. Props for having vegan options (gelato only right now) and coffee available too.

EDIT: Returned for their BOGO grand opening weekend special and tried the Gold Digger (Thai tea with lychee) and WuTang's Cookies & Cream (self explanatory). Both were pretty solid, with tons of cookies and lychee toppings. Even switching to a different base than my first visit, flavors are still strong!"
"$10 for a gyro sounds a little steep but when you consider it's massive size, along with the mountain of fries it's served with, AND the simple side salad you get, it's a good value.

Giant, pillowy pita is packed with tons of fresh beef and lamb (NY/Chicago style), along with tomato and onions- tzatziki is packed separately to add on yourself. Fries were a bit soggy but well seasoned and flavorful, saved my salad for later.

Service was friendly, surprised to find a bar inside this casual-sounding eatery. The dark interior and chandeliers were an odd decorative choice, but the gyros are definitely good here despite a massive menu of more diverse and complicated options. Sometimes simple is best- in terms of ordering and décor. Open the windows and let some light in here!"
"I don't know about the pasta but the pizza and wings here are certainly legit. Went for the Sicilian style pizza, which is available by the slice. The wings here don't get much praise in other reviews but I was pleasantly surprised with the price/portion received and the meatiness of the actual wings. 
Props for being able to order online, staff was prompt when I arrived to pick up my order. Location is a little run down and old-school, personally I'd just get take out there rather than dining in."
"I should have scaled back my expectations when I found out this was a burrito chain from Ohio, of all places- not a state known for a quality Mexican cuisine or much in the way of spice. However, with family in the buckeye state, I gave Hot Head the old college try.

Chipotle-style ordering counter and menu, I opted for a salad with barbacoa, chicken, and black beans. Their focus seems to be on their selection of sauces- the ranch dressing and barbecue sauces being odd and unnecessary, for those ordering salads, few seem appropriate.  The taco sauce and signature hot head sauce were both flavorful but lacked any of the heat I'd want with my Mexican food. Unclear why ranch is the only plausible dressing for salads, suggest adding a cilantro-lime vinaigrette or cream dressing and remove the ranch altogether."
"Sushi Fever has become my new go-to sushi spot. The dine-in experience is superior to just grabbing takeout, as the attentive service and photo-worthy presentation make these tasty rolls even better.

You can't go wrong with any of the special rolls on the back page of the menu- the #2 and the #3 in particular are good choices because they come with a large, great roll topped with a seafood salad, so it's like getting a free app with your roll. Other favorites include the Carrot Top (topped with fried, shredded carrots), the Something Sexy #2 (topped with grilled mushrooms and onions), and the Linda Special (topped with grilled peppers and onions)... in addition to tons of toppings, these rolls usually all come with their own dipping sauce. Authentic Japanese sushi this is not, but the rolls are great nonetheless. 

The best rolls here will set you back $14-17, but they're large portions (usually 8-10 pieces) and packed with fish and ingredients rather than rice. Sashimi is good here too, served with fresh lemon, radish, and shiso leaf, and cut nice and thick.

I've found the service is best when eating at the sushi bar. You get a cucumber salad and edamame upon being seated, then place your orders and get fresh orange slices to finish. Chefs are attentive about taking and pacing orders, and friendly without being intrusive. I find myself willingly spending more and ordering less by opting to eat here instead of one of the many AYCE places around town."
"Several friends have recommended this place when I've mentioned heading out to Boulder City- I don't drink often, but the soups and salads have always been more the highlight than the wine. I can't say I was super impressed by my visit, but that wouldn't stop me from going back in the future.

Large list of salads and sandwiches made it hard to decide what to get. Ultimately went with the Mediterranean Chef salad ($12) and a cup of the soup of the day- French onion ($5). The salad itself was okay, plenty of toppings and flavors. The soup was disappointing, or as the server called it, ""not bad but different!"" It seemed to be a southwest take on French onion soup- think of a pozole broth with onions inside and the usual cheese crouton. Not for me.

Props to the staff: business picked up as soon as they opened with plenty of groups sitting on the patio. There seemed to be only one server and she kept up with everyone. I also appreciated that she removed the uneaten soup from my bill without having to be asked. 

Speaking of prices, the link on this business page takes you to the B&B rather than the restaurant page. If you Google it, you can find the menu but be aware that prices have increased by about $2/item."
"Yes, another poke bowl spot has opened in Vegas. But this place stands out in a few ways, mostly positive ones. 

+ H2O is an established chain with a couple of locations in CA, and in addition to offering DIY poke bowls they also have a menu of grilled fish plates. Friendly staff, clean location, plenty of parking. 
+ They have poke tacos! Unlike the version at Tail&Fin, this one isn't just a miniaturized poke burrito but involves a tempura-fried seaweed wrap as the taco shell. It's genius and I really like it. Pretty fairly priced at about $5/ea, categorized as an appetizer.
+ Fresh and healthy options to pick from in a rush, unlike most of the options at this fast-food heavy intersection with multiple hotdog and pizza choices.

- The mahi mahi plate didn't live up to my expectations for a successful seafood spot as compared to others I've visited in the LA area. Not much flavor. No vegetarian/vegan protein options so far.
- Staff openly encouraged photos, check-ins, etc to social media and verbally offered a free dessert in exchange for a posted review, which isn't especially kosher and may explain why there are so many  single-sentence 5 star reviews from new accounts.
- Despite the emphasis on photos and the fact that they have great images used for their marketing, the lighting in this business during evening hours is terrible. Dim lighting does not make for nice shots, please turn up the lights!"
"Deli specials with super service- Fanny's is family owned and operated with a menu of salads, hot and cold sandwiches, and deli counter items, featuring Boards Head meats. Check the TV screen next to the register for seasonal specials.

The antipasta salad is the perfect portion, with a great house Italian dressing. Also got the Special sandwich, not realizing it was just meats, cheeses, and roasted red peppers on baguette, without the additional lettuce-tomato-onion I was expecting. BF liked it, along with the pasta salad. After your meal, you get a little bite size brownie!

Location is in a business area, and they're unfortunately only open for weekday lunch hours and closed weekends. Service was super personable and attentive throughout, even putting my drink in a takeout cup to take with me! Great spot for the neighborhood, wish my schedule allowed me to visit more often."
"I have no idea why others have given this show such low ratings! I got a free ticket to go this evening and was eyeing the exits as I was seated, just in case I decided to make an early escape, but found myself enjoying it.

Host/star Claire Sinclair introduces herself and the other members of the show, but essentially just has the occasional walk-on role and bounces her titties around- she's not actually a big part of the show.

Clocks in about an hour and a half long, no plot whatsoever- which makes it seem to drag on, even if it is entertaining. Other than screens showing monthly calendar pages at random intervals, with the occasional seasonally-themed song and dance, there isn't a story to go with what's going on from scene to scene.

That being said, the main singer is Lisa Marie Smith and she has a decent bluesy voice- at some times she seemed to have a vocal backing track but other times she was singing live, and doing a damn good job of it, too. Songs include old school jazz house hits through fairly-current  top-40 songs by Katy Perry, Gwen Stefani, Beyoncé, and even Christina Aguilera. 

There are many different songs and dances, most of which have their own choreography, costume changes and/or props. The dancers, wow- I was really surprised. There are different segments that span almost every kind of specialized dance and each member of the show seems to be specifically chosen for their training in a different type: there's swing, ballet, pole, jazz, and tap, and I'm sure I'm forgetting some, too."
"Caution: ordering tortilla soup ""incorrectly"" will get you bitched at here.

I added a tortilla soup to my order, and the girl who has the easiest job on the assembly line copped major attitude. She popped her hand to her hip and asked if I'd ordered it at the front of the line- nope, because they didn't ask. ""You're SUPPOSED to order it at the FRONT of the line!"", she barked at me before dramatically rolling her eyes, glaring at me, and getting it herself. 

After dealing with the sassy pint-size brat, I was a bit more critical of the food. Salmon burrito, $10, overpriced and under-seasoned, large portion is soggy and bland. I'd intended to eat this for lunch and dinner, but tossed it halfway through.

Best purchase was the tortilla soup I suffered for, which came with crispy tortilla strips, fresh cilantro, and lime for garnish, was packed with tons of veggies, avocado, and cheese, and served with a  tortilla to make it a meal for just shy of $5. I'll take mine sans attitude next time.

EDIT: Dropping a star. I've been back 2 more times and the line has been insanely slow all times, and there's always a major issue with my order. On the plus side, after you point out their error, they usually remake it correctly and give you both. But there's a ton of eye rolling and/or excuses before that happens."
"Cafe Lola is trendy as heck: customized latte art, a pink flower wall, neon sign, more toast than you can handle. But they also have vegan options, and comfortable seating, and friendly service, and an evening menu with charcuterie, and did someone say frose?! There are certain dining destinations that are termed ""an instagrammer's dream,"" and this place is definitely that. 

You'll probably spend a pretty penny here on your food and beverage, but  I want to stop shy of calling it overpriced- you don't have to spend $12 on a specialty tea latte with rose petals but you can. The salmon on their Barney toast was generously portioned for the price, and the Cupcake Latte includes a bite-size treat. Their croissants are the size of my face and they have salads and sandwiches for those looking for a more filling lunch in the area.

There's only a couple of things this spot needs: a few outdoor tables (seems to be shaded so that's a plus), more clarity on alternative milk fees (coconut milk is $2?), and more excuses for me to be on this side of town!

TIP: Limited exterior signage, same building as BWW."
"I'm familiar with Charming Charlie from back home in Texas- awesome store for picking up well-priced accessories and jewelry, and love how the store is organized by color in order to more easily locate the perfect accent to a specific outfit.

Either this store in particular has more product variety, or the chain as a whole has begun to incorporate more shoes, purses, and clothing- which is much appreciated. Pricing is about on par with other boutiques and not as low as the jewelry.

Large clearance section: got a matching black and gold necklace and earring set for half off at $8, not bad at all! Giant basket of rings were all marked down to $5, too!

Service was dismal. Staff were either chatting or organizing stock- both totally acceptable, but only one single employee said anything to me in the half hour I was in store. I'm used to being greeted upon entry, but I had to be looking at the exact same square foot of space in the store to get any acknowledgement.

With so many other stores in this shopping center with similar (if not better) quality accessories and jewelry, they kind of need to step it up in the service."
"Sushi is a traditional Japanese food combining seasoned rice with fish, vegetables, or egg. Sushi burritos are an oversized, modern take on the cuisine. Oddly, Ted's is the only place I've yet found that manages to give sushi burritos a clean, traditional flavor.

The menu suggests a handful of prepared combos with recommended toppings and sauces- the Sashimi Oishi, Tuna Tuna, and Ted's California, listed in order of preference, have been pretty good. I like that they have more traditional toppings available, including two different types of radishes and (my personal favorite!) carrot. The sauces are lighter here than elsewhere, and though some complain of a bland flavor, the profile at Ted's is distinctly different from the overly-sauced mayo-based stuff found at other local chains- and I like it that way.

Staff are friendly and fun, and there are sides to pair with your 'rrito  from traditional (miso soup, seaweed salad, edamame, udon) to fun (imported ramen chips, Hawaiian onion chips, mochi). Note that they are closed on Sundays, so plan date night ahead of time.

TIP: Hurry in to take advantage of their grand opening buy one get one half off promo through the end of October."
"Full disclosure: my review is based on a brunch visit, which is arguably not their forte. Their biggest draw is the unicorn beer list, which has several pages of tasty-sounding options even to me, and I rarely drink at all, let alone beer, so that's saying something. It seems the kitchen turnover (three chefs since opening?) contributes to a lack of consistency with the menu. 

Anyway, my brunch visit. Went with a group and ordered the entire menu. It's limited with three or four Benedict options, a classic platter, and a berry french toast. The toast was well received but proteins with the benedicts (lobster and pulled pork in particular) were off, texturally. The brunch menu needs some fine tuning. Adding the option to chose a side of potatoes or hash browns, etc rather than a side salad would've been appreciated by the drinkers in our group. Staff on site were more enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the liquid libations, but regulars assure me they are working out the culinary kinks. Open to returning for HH or an entree, or maybe one of their funky-flavorful Belgian stouts."
"I didn't partake of the 10- or 12-course meal of insanity, but there's really no way around it: no matter what you get here, you WILL eat a monstrous amount of food. I appreciate that they offer several specials as well as typical a la carte options, and the menu itself is extensive, with several apps, a giant page of rolls, and everything in between.

CHICKEN KARAGE: So crispy, so juicy! I love Japanese fried chicken, and the version put out here is done just right.
SALMON SKIN SALAD: Holy giant portions, Batman! This salad alone could easily be a lunch, packed with fish (not just skin), fruit, and an ample amount of fresh veggies in a light, flavorful dressing. Nice variety of textures, too.
3 ROLL COMBO: This option allows you to pick three special rolls, and get bottomless miso soup, house salad, and dessert (various ice creams) for a crazy-low $26, which is easily enough food for two people but at a cost that rivals the AYCE pricing elsewhere. The miso was standard but the house salad was the first I've come across in an Asian restaurant that included avocado! Add some of the chicken from your karage app and this could easily be a ""safe"" meal for a kid or picky eater. Opted for the Nagasaki (great cilantro sauce!), the Orange Lemon (citrus + seafood = love), and the Sapporo (just enough spice) and found them all unique and tasty, with fresh fish, minimal rice, and tasty (but not overpowering) sauces. 

The food was so tasty that we kept ordering and my stomach staged a revolt after the onslaught of food. But in a good way. Pricing is very fair: even a sashimi appetizer plate for two (~10 pieces) is an extremely reasonable $15. I'll definitely be coming back- in addition to the amazing food, the service is on point (ask for Jeffrey!), and the interior is a fun mix of classy and rustic. 

NOTE: You can buy a $12 shirt and get 10% off on future visits when you wear it! I haven't done that yet, but if we come back often enough, I might just have to."
"Homestyle Mexican food- the only thing Americanized about their namesake steak burrito is the flour tortilla. It's packed with a bit of Spanish rice, a not-overwhelming amount of beans, a good portion of slightly-charred steak, and a handful of cilantro and onions. They also offer tacos and a breakfast menu.

The other star here is the pupusas! Window art states they were once voted best pupusas in the city-I've only tried the revueltas, but they're spot on. Thick and filled without being skimpy or overpriced (about $2/each), good-sized and not too greasy. Several varieties to choose from, too.

Service is adequate- wait might be a bit longer than you're used to, but they make their pupusas fresh which is way better than any other option that may save you a few minutes. Dining room looks like it's furnished with the tables and chairs from someone's own dining room, which gives it an oddly homey feeling."
"Sweet treats galore! Everything from ice cream and handmade truffles to chocolate-covered potato chips and fudge, with a considerable candy selection as well. Staff is friendly, pricing is fair for the quality, and the location is larger than expected. 

Truffles are a good choice: high quality and large pieces with good flavors. The White Wedding and the Sudae Rush are mine and BF's favorites, respectively. Chocolate-covered potato chips are not a good option: thick chocolate overpowers the chip so completely that you can't taste anything but chocolate and the chip itself has nearly a soggy texture.

Would come by for dessert after breakfast at the Coffee Cup next door!"
"""How 'bout Applebees?!""  I've dined here a few times but I'm never the one to suggest it. But the east side is somewhat lacking in culinary options. I had plans for lunch and a movie at the adjacent mall, only to find the restaurant permanently closed with a limited amount of time til our show. So we ended up here. 

Menu is expansive, with burgers, entrees, apps, salads, and their classic skillet fajitas. Weekday lunch specials are a steal at $8-10. Portions are decent but food is largely sourced from Sysco. The fajitas, salads, and burgers are all solid, fresh options. App and soup orders were underwhelming. Service both visits was attentive and friendly, device on table to close out when ready to leave. It's Applebees, you know what to expect here."
"My sister worked for this chain in TX- but the NV locations are completely different, with a country twist and a more innovative menu that includes Cincinnati chili, of all things?! I rolled my eyes at all the four- and five-star reviews and then I went for myself. 

CHILE RELLENO OMELET: Huge and delicious. Wish there was a bit more red chili sauce on top but it's oozing with cheese and packed with green pepper strips and flavor. Side of RANCH POTATOES is addictive,  banana but muffin was a nice sweet treat.
BF had the daily special, a BRISKET BENEDICT, which was also solid- tender meat, perfectly oozy eggs, and more of those crack-style potatoes.

I get it now, guys. They execute massive portions of tasty food with a side of genuinely friendly country-style service. This place makes me miss home."
"It's not much to look at, but this tiny 24-hour spot has some good burritos and some of the most flavorful salsa in town! The lot is tiny and it's a tight fit squeezing into the drive-thru. Prices are low and menu is simple: pick your meat and choose from tacos, burrito, or nachos. Drinks and asada fries round out your options. My go-to is the lengua burrito, add cheese, it comes to $8.

But back to the salsas. They offer a red and a green, and they're both great. Note that these salsas aren't especially spicy, but they have a marvelous depth of flavor that really adds to your food- I went through two cups of each style with just one burrito!"
"I've been excited to check out Hamptons since I saw their Overstuffed Bacon & Eggs app- deviled eggs are a favorite of mine! Finally popped in with a friend for a weekend brunch visit. 

The food was decent. Our server was super sweet and made plenty of suggestions and pointed out dishes that were specific to the brunch menu, which was helpful. The bruschettas in particular are a great shareable app- we got to try both  when they accidentally brought the wrong order to the table.

Their lemon-ricotta pancakes with blueberries went over well with my friend Loren, but the apps I ordered were just okay. The deviled eggs were nicely creamy, but the Buffalo Rings had minimal buffalo and were on the plain side.

Service was very friendly, but food was slow to come out, there were errors with our order, and the check took a solid half hour to sort out. I might try a few more dishes during HH, since they're so close to work."
"After losing a bet at the sports book, I headed over here to drown my sorrows in cheese fries. Unfortunately, I noticed several uncleared tables who didn't finish their fries at all and took that as a bad omen.
Strawberry milkshake was average- several strawberries, which made for irritating sipping through a straw. Flavor was okay, seemed on the bland side unless you had a bit of strawberry in your mouth but didn't have that artificial taste I dislike."
"I am kicking myself for not joining this gym sooner! Yes, it gets crowded- come on, we're a major city packed with tons of amazing restaurants and world-renowned chefs, we love to eat but hate to look like it! Consider it a given anywhere you go.

But this gym chain is a great value- memberships from $23 to $31/month, with optional add-on benefits (included in the cost) for childcare, personal training, towel service, and other such perks. With 6 locations in town (and one more on the way) it isn't hard to find one that works for your schedule- though they do vary greatly. And they're open 24/7, which helps those in our city with unusual schedules!

As others have said, this one rocks a dated vibe that used to be reminiscent of the 80s- there is still some of that here. Cardio machines are not super-new and none have built-in TV screens, but all are working, there are several different varieties/brands, and they all face a bank of TV screens with plug-in audio.

I was bummed to hear that they don't have free WIFI available to stream video on my personal device- I run distance and like to have a distraction. I will say that the juice bar, crazy awesome gym schedule, sauna, and women's-only area are some of the things that helped balance out to a positive experience.

Gym schedule, as I said, is crazy awesome: morning, daytime, afternoon, and evening classes available. They only have two rooms for classes (pilates/yoga and cycle in one, cardio group classes in the other)- but they pack their schedule. Zumba, Sh'bam, Body Sculpt, Kickboxing, CXwork, Insanity, and Body  Pump (my personal favorite!) are all available here at various times throughout the day and week, to meet your workout needs."
"BF and I had a god-awful thai experience at Pam Real Thai recently, but were still craving a good Thai meal. A friend recommended Weera, and in we went on a Thursday evening.

Happy Hour menu of apps and half price drinks from 6:00-9:45PM, we opted for the fresh duck spring rolls ($8)- a huge portion served with a tasty marmalade-like dipping sauce. The rolls were packed with duck and fresh herbs, most notably the flavorful mint that other places skimp on or leave out all together. Definitely a dish I'd order again.

Next we shared a hot pot of tom kha kai, which was delicious and boiling hot, packed with tons of chicken, cilantro, mushrooms, and ginger. Very flavorful, really hit the spot.

BF chose the beef pad se ew entree, at the recommendation of our super-sweet server- and we were not disappointed. The noodles were super fresh and chewy, great texture that was almost like velvet. I haven't had fresher noodles since we were in Chinatown in the Bay area.

Last, we opted to box up our entree leftovers and share a dessert: mango and sticky rice. It was plated beautifully, and the flavors were spot-on: mango was perfectly ripe, rice was warm and had the perfect texture, and the sweetness was not too overwhelming. 

Service from both of the ladies working throughout our visit was top notch: drinks were refilled before they even got half empty, we were checked on repeatedly between courses, and they had radiant smiles on their faces every second. I've received lesser service at five-star with much higher price tags (and expectations). The service here was genuinely the absolute best I've had in recent memory- and their food was top of the line, too. Food is priced well: for all of the above, our bill was under $40 before tip. This is definitely a place we'll be back."
"If you are looking for a place to get your hair done, this is it: ask for Adriana. To see her amazing color work, find her on IG (@adrixherz). Text her to book an appointment about two weeks before you need to go in, she books up fast and has a packed schedule. I was lucky that she could see me so quickly!

I was thrilled with Adriana's work- she spoke with me about what I wanted, then described some ideas for what to do, and executed them well. She was friendly and easy to talk to throughout my visit, and styled it and took photos before I left. She even gave me a little lesson on how to use a curling iron, a tool that has baffled me for years. Adriana transformed my brassy, single-color blonde (with messy, dark roots) to a complex, natural-looking shade with browns and reds that will grow out in a more flattering way.

The salon itself is tucked into a shopping center next to a Mexican restaurant, and inside is bustling. Hair and nail services are done here, and there's a relaxed and upbeat atmosphere. Though I only worked with one stylist, I saw lots of great cuts and colors as I sat in the chair. This isn't a girls-only zone either, men were getting cuts and they also carry a line of men's beard grooming supplies!

EDIT 09/2017: Adriana is now at My Salon Suites in Henderson."
"A food court counter serving up smothered pork chops that can compete with Southern-style stars M&M Soul Food? Yes! The chops are fall-off-the-bone tender with a savory gravy that takes you back to Mississippi in a single bite.

Menu has smothered and fried options, with sides including cabbage, collard greens, mac and cheese, and beans, with several dessert options including german chocolate and sweet potato. You don't go here to stick to a diet, you come to get a comforting meal that feels like a hug from the inside.

Smothered chops plate ($12.50) is a huge portion with two sides, the collard greens are tender and tasty, while the mac is legitimately the cheesiest, cheddary-est ever. Like it was cheese overload, and I love cheese. Cornbread was straight-up Jiffy mix, which made me think of home but I'd prefer a better version.

Service is quick, prices are affordable, portions are huge, and quality is good enough for a stand alone restaurant. Looking forward to their inevitable relocation and expansion!"
"I've come by a few times recently for battery/bulb needs- neither time, did the store have what I needed, which was disappointing. However, both times, the staff were able to tell me exactly what I needed and where else in town to find it, which was helpful.

Store appears to have a large, organized selection of both bulbs and batteries (as the name implies), and I appreciate the helpful nature of the staff. But I found it odd that relatively simple products could not be found at this store on multiple occasions. The fact that I was redirected to try a WalMart was surprising."
"This spot was formerly Bowl of Heaven, and in it's current incarnation has the same interior decor and a similar menu- with the addition of poke bowls, which I have not yet tried. Business caters to the surrounding UNLV students, offering a student discount and keeping a current summer hour schedule (M-F closing at 4PM, closed weekends) that makes it difficult for anyone else to patronise the business. 

The Ocean bowl was just alright- in the future I'll probably stick to the Hula bowl, which is more of a classic version with strawberries, bananas, and coconut on top. The Chocolate Dream was not my thing at all, berries + chocolate = no me gusta, also very heavy on the granola for some reason. 

 Service leaves something to be desired. Came by at 3:30 on a weekday, half an hour prior to close, and the chairs were already up so dining in wasn't even an option. Staff said the bare minimum for my transaction, could be friendlier. 

TIP: Go big or go home. Spring for the $10 large bowl, the regular barely had any acai once they put in the granola on bottom and fruit on top!"
"Surprisingly decent venue- larger than expected, back wall is a massive bar. Lines for drinks get long, and prices are predictably steep for generic draft beer, but the staff are friendly. In addition to bartenders, there are a lot of people cleaning and monitoring the crowd, which is a nice touch.

Bathrooms are huge with 20+ stalls, so getting in a trip between sets isn't a huge wait as it is at other venues. The acoustics are fairly good, but I found it odd that the general admission/floor area is divided up by odd iron rails- I understand they don't want a giant mosh pit going or anything, it's an unusual setup."
"Happy hour prices PLUS a Groupon discount? I'm there!
Swanky interior, friendly service, and a diverse menu: hibachi and sushi items available, in addition to tapas. This place almost has too much going on. Even the layout has patio, bar and lounge seating, plus gigantic booths, hibachi grill table seating, the sushi bar, and a pit of ""regular"" tables too.

Ordered exclusively from the HH menu: spicy tuna and spicy salmon rolls were surprisingly large, yellowtail carpaccio was a small portion of thin-cut fish with nearly no flavor whatsoever- overpriced even with the discount, baked mussels were tasty, but the wagyu sliders and stuffed mushrooms were the stars. Considering their marketing, I'm not sure it's surprising that their most Americanized options were the ones that actually seemed to have more effort put into them but YMMV.

Did not have the lackluster service others have mentioned- our server was polite and despite having the entire bar area to herself, she was mostly attentive. Would suggest the hostess ask patrons upon entering if they are there for HH, as the pricing is only available in certain seating areas and it was awkard to have to move- other reviews have mentioned this as well."
"Really 3.5 stars; in a city that prides itself on AYCE deals, it's bold to take a stance of not offering that menu. The price per roll here is generally $12-18 (which adds up fast for Las Vegans' typically large appetites) -- unfortunately I don't find that the quality justifies this.

APPLE ROLL: possibly the celebrity roll here, arguably the most popular. Riceless roll wrapped in apple, only a slight tartness keeps the apple taste from overwhelming the fish flavors.  Dipping sauce added another dimension but roll is just as enjoyable without it.

GAIL SPECIAL: lots of ingredients, tasty. Another dipping sauce, which I found odd. Almost too much going on with the extra sauce, found it better without but that may be a personal preference. 

Either many/all of the rolls here come with a dipping sauce (peculiar), or I just happened to get two that did. Found them largely unnecessary as they covered up the freshness of the fish, which to me is the highlight of well done sushi.

Service was kind of hit or miss, and location was almost oddly casual with silent diners watching TV rather than conversing with their dining companions. Personally I'd prefer to get takeout instead of dining-in, atmosphere was awkward."
"I was so excited to see the signage for this new Jamaican spot! I popped in for a solo dinner of beef patty and oxtails. The beef patty was great and I highly recommend it as an app- it's nicely spicy and the crispy, flaky pocket isn't too thick. The oxtails were a good portion, and meaty, but the sauce was minimal and the robust island flavors I was hoping for were toned down. I was excited about the rice and peas, but found that bland and lackluster. Service was polite but location is pretty bare and quiet, needs some sort of decor. I would come back to try another meal of the goat curry or jerk chicken, but will have to ask if they can make it extra spicy or something. There aren't many places in town to get this kind of cuisine, but I was hoping it would be just a little bit better."
"Science meets sweets at Creamistry! Glad to have them in Vegas, though they are safely across town for me. I've still been a handful of times already since they opened, somehow. 

Basically, liquid nitrogen is used to make ice cream with your chosen base and mix-ins, then used in a shake, sando, cup, or creation, with your choice of added toppings. Their regular ice cream cups have been my favorite so far, and I recommend splurging for a waffle bowl- they are made in house with a nice chew rather than shattering into shards. The sandwiches are photogenic but the ""buns"" can be tough to chew, and the Creations travel well to grab and go. Pricing reflects shareable portions.

Bonus points for having so many flavor options (taro, Thai tea, cotton candy!) as well as vegan choices (coconut milk base). This is a fairly busy plaza but I've had no issues finding parking. 

TIP: Go with time, when there's a line things can take a while. Eat fast, seems to melt quick!"
"Barre3 is one of a few spots I've tried for barre workouts. Based on dance training, the instructor models small muscle movements using bands, balls, and body weight to create a long and lean physique. Obviously regular practice and a healthy diet are key to seeing results, but you can feel the impact with even a single session. It's pretty common for participants to joke about how sore the classes make them, so consider yourself warned!

I've met the owner, Jackie, a couple of times and even took a class with her; she is super welcoming and professional and the studio itself is gorgeous- lots of light wood and glass, small childcare area, and a little boutique space. Other instructors I've taken have been very personable, too, but I don't have a favorite to recommend. They use a soothing voice to contrast the crazy effort they're asking you to use, and are helpful about providing modifications and correcting form, which is essential to any effective workout. 

NOTE: There's only a single-use bathroom for changing, so come early or come dressed, but either way, come ready to sweat- those tiny movements are no joke."
"If you're a Phoenican, then you already know your city has an absolutely ridiculous number of breakfast options- and Farmhouse is the best choice, if you're voting with your taste buds!

There's always a line on the porch, which is its own form of advertising. Arrive early or ask a friend who lives nearby to put your name down and when all parties are present, you'll be seated. Our large group got the huge corner table and the sweetest server in cat-eye glasses.

But your taste buds don't care about that stuff. The menu has breakfast plate specials, nearly twenty gigantic omelet choices, and southern favorites like pancakes and biscuits. No low-carb diets allowed here!

Highly recommend the breakfast tacos (with chorizo!) or one of the omelets- the #10 (bacon, potatoes, green onion, sour cream, cheese) is huge and reminiscent of a baked potato, but in breakfast form. I'll be trying to replicate it in my own kitchen, complete with their sliced, fried, and super-crispy home fries. I'm drooling now just thinking about their food."
"If you get an opportunity to try the Dim Sum & Seafood brunch here (only offered during the holidays and Chinese New Year), gather a gaggle of your friends, make a reservation (groups 10+), and fast the day before. It's worth it, especially if you like lobster- entire tails are on display for the taking!

The Michelin-starred dining room is gorgeous in the morning light, a shame that it's typically only open for dinner service. An abundance of attentive staff oversaw service of a buffet-style meal that made up for what it lacked in selection by ensuring every single dish was impeccable- from the impressive chilled seafood tower at entry to the multitude of miniature desserts, everything was of stellar quality and had great attention to detail.

Standout dishes include the large, plump shrimp (of which I ate plenty), also cooked crispy in the traditional salt and pepper style. The spicy tuna rolls in particular at the sushi station were light with a great kick and impressive rice ratio. There's limited red meat, but the carving station had a huge lamb rack that included one of the most fragrant and flavorful pestos I've encountered. The snow crab soup was possibly one of the best soups I've ever had, period, a silky flavorful heaven accented by buttery croissant croutons. 

And then there's the dim sum, served from traditional carts roaming the dining room and staffed by friendly faces encouraging us to try everything from chicken feet and dumplings to radish cakes and egg tarts. I'll admit this is the area I should have focused on more, but what I did have was fairly well done: chive dumplings, shrimp shu mai, tiny soup dumplings, crispy strips of pork belly, and surprisingly light custard-filled buns. I did not see shrimp rice roll (one of my favorites) and whether more traditional or not, some of these dishes did not seem as flavorful. 

The dessert display was photo-worthy with tiny, detailed tarts, cakes, and pops. I found that my favorite dishes were the more classic mini cheesecakes and fruit tarts, versus the more visually impressive sculpted orange dessert. Friends at the table widely praised the vegan mango custard with chia pudding, while I preferred the version that paired raspberry and lychee.

With so much praise though, I cannot be sure I'd return next year if the opportunity presented itself. The price of $85 with tax and tip is fair for the selection but the value is a bit lessened for those who do not enjoy lobster- I may have had more than the single piece had it been served with butter or with a different preparation option, as Tony T suggests. It was also a bit perplexing that they charge for drink refills but do offer parking validation. This was a great meal out with friends, and the photos don't entirely do the dishes justice, so definitely keep it in mind if you're a seafood lover!"
"If you don't like seafood, I feel bad for you son- you got 99 problems but Bajamar ain't gonna be one! There are tacos, tostadas, and more here, but they all come topped with creatures from the sea. This little gem is snuggled into a vagrant-friendly section of Las Vegas Blvd by the OG stripclub, but it's bright and colorful with friendly staff and fabulously fresh food. 

Grab a trio of tacos or a couple of tostadas and share with a friend- or don't, I won't judge you. The namesake Bajamar fish taco is a solid and tasty go-to but if you like spicy, the pulpo (octopus) enchilado version is even better. The Marlin and Lucas tacos are also recommended, with the cocktails being best for groups. Belly up to the bar and ask Manny what's best!"
"After making three trips across town in as many weeks, I think it's safe to say I'm a fan. The ""Hi"" in their name references their Hawaiian roots, further evidenced on the menu featuring 100% Kona coffee and sweet flavors of paradise. The logo is a stylish and subtle nod too, with a coffee cup ring and the classic island outline.

My first visit, I picked the Kona. It's so dark and smooth, perfectly balanced without being too acidic or bitter. It's simple just the way it is, no need for cream, sugar, or even milk. And for bonus points, they freshly grind the beans for your cup and use a pour over method to extract the best flavor profile.

Second and third visits focused on the sweeter options, specifically the Hi Coffee Shake (a dessert in a glass, plus a kick of caffeine!) and the dreamy coconut haupia latte. I'd wake up early for that, no joke.
 
It wasn't til my third visit that I finally came across their baked goods, which are so good they struggle to keep them in stock! The butter mochi was described as a blueberry coffee cake but was reminiscent of a banana bread with a touch more moisture and an oddly pleasant gummy texture. The muffins looked amazing, too.

I am hoping they eventually offer cozier seating options and outdoor tables to linger and study or take advantage of the nicer weather in the non-summer months. Hi Coffee stands apart from the crowds of coffee options in the valley!"
"Gotta agree with the majority of reviews: it's great to have the name-brand options for shoes and clothes here, and the store itself is nicely styled, but the prices are a touch high for what you get. As another reviewer compared, the products here are priced like TJMaxx, Ross, Marshall, etc. except you're getting a visibly worn and used item instead of new. Not such a great deal. And I'd personally take a less  stylish store if I could actually find what I'm looking for without going through every single rack of clothing- items here are grouped by style or color rather than size, so it's definitely a place to go with time to browse. Luckily the shoes are broken down by size, which is helpful. Friendly staff and decent housewares/decor are the main reasons I return."
"Nothing says ""I'm thankful for American independence"" like 1AM dim sum on the 4th of July! This place is regularly open til 5AM, which further begs the question: how I have I not been here before?!

Late night dim sum menu is about 15 items, we sampled quite a few.
Steamed pork buns were solid, pork shumai were tasty, shrimp balls were fresh, beef tripe was not my bag, and the noodle in the spare rib rolled noodle dish had an odd flowery aftertaste. 

Overall, flavors were solid and pricing was fair. Service was nonexistent despite 4 employees walking around. Orchid Garden is my usual go-to spot for gut-busting amounts of dim sum, and it sort of works in Harbor Palace's favor that they have a limited menu: I can come by more often without completely throwing my health goals out the window!"
"Popped in while killing time before a dinner reservation and will be back. Store is packed with games and Jeff went above and beyond answering our questions and providing info even though they didn't have the specific games we were looking for (Photosynthesis and Timeline expansion packs). Prices are competitive, cheaper than going online, which usually isn't the case for brick and mortar shops. GG stocks everything from tabletop to card games, along with specialty editions and several of the top 100. I appreciate that the store isn't half-full of filler ""collectibles"" or clothing, they really focus on having a solid selection of great games for all ages."
"Jaleo is great if you know what to order- I predict a second experience here would go far better than my first. We ordered several suggested dishes only to be underwhelmed and unimpressed at the beginning of our meal, but as we branched out and tried some of the more exotic choices, the quality and experience improved sharply. Learn from our mistakes!

PLAY IT SAFE
PAN DE CRISTAL CON TOMATE FRESCO: toasted bread with fresh tomato. Tasty but very basic, kick it up to something that's actually worth getting by adding Manchego cheese or anchovies.
JAMON IBERICO FERMIN: if you're going to come here, you may as well try the famous ham. It's not all that much different from prosciutto, in my opinion. We were underwhelmed.
COLIFLOR CON OLIVAS Y FRUTOS SECOS: the contrasting flavors of the dates and olives was enjoyable, but the roasted cauliflower that forms the base of the dish was treated as an afterthought. 
CROQUETAS DE POLLO: described as chicken fritters and served inside of a shoe, this will add some excitement to an otherwise tame table of dishes. One in our party described this dish as ""like a mini hot pocket of chicken pot pie"". It was tasty, but not the standout menu item other reviews (or even our server) made it out to be.
ARROZ CON COSTILLAS DE CERDO IBERICO DE BELLOTA Y ALCACHOFA: The pig-rib paella is tasty but not particularly adventurous. This is the only paella I've ever had where the rice was extremely crispy- I am not sure if it was overcooked, if we just got the bottom of the batch, or if it was intentional, but I did not particularly like it. 

GO FOR THE GOLD
JOSE ANDRES GIN & TONIC: $20 for a G&T is ridiculous, but luckily it is also ridiculously good.
ACEITUNAS RELLENAS Y ACEITUNAS ""FERRAN ADRIA"": Olives two ways! One is stuffed with pimiento and anchovies, the other is a liquid olive using molecular gastronomy cooking techniques. It's essentially a flavored bubble and fairly fun to experience.
BUNELOS DE BACALAO: Deep-fried salt codfish with honey aioli. The sauce is unlike anything else I've had, and the crispy fried fish is well-executed without being greasy.
CAZON FRITO: AKA SHARK NUGGETS! I love this dish. Fried thresher shark with a garlic aioli. I've never had shark but now I'm definitely interested in trying other versions. This was battered without being crispy, fried without being greasy, and simple without disappointing. Would get again!
PULPO ASADA CON CREMA CEBOLLA: Perfectly-charred grilled octopus, served with green cherry tomatoes, onion puree, and garlic oil. This was fantastic, the entire table considered it a top dish. Must order!
COSTILLAS DE CORDERO MORUNO: Succulent grilled rack of lamb with parsley oil. Simple but amazing. One of my favorite versions of lamb in Vegas.
PASTEL DE CAFE: ""Chocolate, coffee, and hazelnut tart with coffee rum ice cream."" The menu description doesn't do it justice at all. The base is like a crunchy cookie, topped with pure coffee-chocolate deliciousness, then a smooth ice cream with a delicious sauce on the plate. An indulgent, coffee-lovers dessert.

We ordered the dishes above in nearly this exact order. Total with tax and tip was just over $250, for a filling dinner for a group of three. As later dishes kept impressing us, I began to get a better feel for the restaurant's strengths, and would come back to try new items."
"Quality thai market, my friends from overseas come here.
On Sundays, they offer fresh-made food dishes of restaurant quality, including sticky rice, spring rolls, and a jello-like dessert, and possibly boba. 
Reminds me of the Chaiya Monastery monthly fundraisers. Spring rolls here in particular are my favorite of the dishes mentioned above, vibrant and veggie-intensive with a lot of mint, served with a generous portion of peanut sauce."
"As far as locals casinos go, I'm not sure why Suncoast and Rampart are so close to one another, as they both basically offer the same services with little difference, even given their variety of restaurants and amenities.

Suncoast isn't as smoky as some others, and their pricing is fairly low, and they're geared toward an older clientele, and it's the slightly less discerning patrons that typically go to Rampart, but once you're inside it's hard to tell the difference between the two. Props for having a movie theater though."
"I feel like a traitor. I am totally Team Desyree, and stopping in here is not something I planned to do. Ever since she opened her own shop, I've gone out of my way to visit Mama D as often as I can for the amazing gelato on which this cafe made their name.

But fate brought me in the AOF doors again for a coffee fix, and the space has been redecorated and changed staff a few times. Despite all the bad reviews comparing this cafe to it's heyday, it seems they've finally found their niche in this new era.

The entrance has platters of pastries, homemade marshmallows, made to order churros, and fresh-baked waffle cones, and the menu lists specialty drinks like cold brew, chicory coffee and coffee milk,  and you can even mix them. The gelato case is packed  and staff are happy to hand out samples of their interesting and well-executed flavors: a jam and  wine flavor was especially good, but try the spicy-sweet chili berry combo if they have it available, too.

What was initially a quick beverage stop turned into a thorough sampling of their drinks and frozen treats, and I was pretty impressed with their flavorful creations. I haven't yet tried their baked goods but will not be so quick to dismiss them next time I'm in the area. But Desyree is still the Gelato Queen of my heart!"
"Not a bad spot to grab a burrito. Prices are low, portions are nicely sized, service is friendly. It's not in the best area, but it's clean and they have a large parking lot around back. They have patio seating but I'd be wary of panhandlers, who are often in the area.

Grabbed a breakfast burrito- meat option for ham, bacon, steak, or chorizo. The steak version was solid and they didn't skimp on ingredients. Eggs in burrito were over-well rather than scrambled as expected, and beans are whole into rather than refried. Overall, taste was fine and I'd try them again if I was in the area."
"Part Japanese steak house for dinner and a show, part AYCE sushi. Go for lunch or order a la carte for discounted roll prices. Unless you're truly planning to put down half the menu, or you're only ordering nigiri, a la carte is your best option for sushi.

There's a good variety of fresh, baked, and shrimp tempura rolls. Unlike most AYCE spots, they're pretty light on sauces here and some rolls are pretty basic. Between a friend and I, we ordered 4 rolls to share. Three were tiny, and one was normally-sized, unclear why. Fish was fresh, and portions were such that adding on a soup and salad made for a complete meal under $20, which isn't bad at all. Their sushi isn't necessarily the best, but it's a great deal!"
"Popped in here for an extra treat after lunch at Buddy V's. They have a couple of cake slices but mostly whole cakes, in addition to various pastries, large cupcakes, and several cookies. Lauren C and I each opted for a cookie, priced around $4 each- large and soft, loaded up with toppings. The cookie itself was just fine and the service was okay, counter staff seem to be used to a lot of people ""just looking"". Pricing was about as expected ($50-60 for a 6"" cake) but selection of specialty slices was lacking (3 choices?) and there is no available seating- everything is packed as takeout. I was slightly more impressed with their new San Antonio location."
"I originally came here to eat at Capital Seafood Restaurant, not realizing that it shares a space with Pho Vietnam. With two menus to choose from, I ordered from both!

The Combination Pho #2 has flank steak, tripe, and meatballs (my favorite!) and a solid, complex broth. This was better than another nearby version I had recently, but not the best I've had in town. Amount of noodles was extremely generous.  I only had a little of this dish, BF at the majority and felt ill afterward.

Service was typical for Chinatown plaza- you order, you receive your food, and you have to hunt them down for anything else."
"Handel's is finally open, bringing gourmet ice cream from Ohio (of all places!) to the Vegas valley. When I say gourmet, I'm not even kidding- they have a rotating list of nearly 50 phenomenal flavors, making it hella difficult to make your choice. The only solution is to come here frequently!

Torn between peanut butter parfait or salted caramel truffle, the guy at the window recommended the latter- and it was downright divine. Smooth, salty caramel ice cream, with chunks of sea salt caramel truffles. For a regular price of $3.50/scoop (cone or cup), it was indulgent.

Service is friendly, be advised that the location is a walk-up window NOT a dine-in establishment. Same plaza as Smith's, closer to the Great Harvest Bread Co."
"My friend Neli T loves to find great restaurants I haven't been to- it can be a challenge, but she's good at it. I'd driven by here several times and hadn't taken notice, but she invited me for an early dinner and we were both pretty impressed!

Location is clean, service from Austin was super friendly, but more importantly, the fish was hella fresh! The apps alone were worth it for me, with ample starter portions of one-limit items like sashimi salad rather than a couple of tablespoons in a tiny bowl. They also offer a couple of dinner-only sashimi options. The poke and salad were solid, but the seafood nachos and stuffed tomato (crab + avocado wrapped in tuna) were better. Their version of the classic riceless Rock N Roll was better than almost any other version I've tried. I did not partake but their dessert menu is larger than other AYCE options, which is a plus.

I will be coming back- apps and rolls are extensive, but they stand out with their fresh and thick cuts of fish."
"Worth at least one visit, the FSE is another facet of Vegas:  bigger, brighter, and in surround sound. The crowds that gather here are a good mix of 70% Asian tourists, 20% homeless panhandlers and/or performers, and 10% visitors-with-a-local-guide, it gets jam-packed at night. I prefer to go in the day when the vibe is more mellow, but you won't get the full effect.

Live performances and musicians are here nearly every evening, weekdays included, and there are food and drink specials as far as the eye can see. Once you've had your fill, wait for the music to cue, and look up: the ceiling is a giant screen brought to life, cycling through a series of ads and music in a format you've never seen before.

Newest addition to the area is the zipline, but the people watching alone is entertainment enough for me."
"From the name and Yelp listing (Asian fusion, Chinese, thai?), I wouldn't have been able to tell that they serve sushi- but it's actually a hibachi/sushi joint in the style of Bennihana or Ohjah. Front windows advertise 50% off regular rolls and teppanyaki.

This place is a steal, for sushi: $40 got us two regular rolls, two special rolls, and a gigantic salmon skin hand roll, plus tax and tip for two. The pricing can't really be beat. Their discounted regular rolls are decent (if a bit heavy handed on the rice), but the garlic ponzu sauce had an odd chemical after taste that I did not care for at all. The WHATS WRONG and MUMMY special rolls were both artistically presented and tasty, with ample amounts of fresh fish. And that hand roll was gigantic! 

Good value for the sushi found here. Service was decent, attentive without being overbearing. Check the specials board behind the sushi bar for featured rolls: the Lady Gaga Roll sounded good, and the What's Wrong was a hit. 

Note that they have a large dining area: they were able to accommodate a 10 person graduation dinner group without reservations without a problem."
"$7 Spicy Miso Ramen?* I'm in!
HH menu is pretty dang good, food items for $7 each with good variety, plus beverages for $5. Quantity and quality are both pretty good for the price, save for the sushi rolls which are fairly basic- that price for a California roll isn't really a deal to me.

FOO FOO PLATTER gives you a sample of most of the apps for $15.
WINGS: meh, fall-off-the-bone tender slash overcooked without any flavor.
DUMPLINGS: opt for steamed over fried, vegetarian over pork options available, the dipping sauce is delicious, heavy on the chili oil
SPRING ROLLS: crispy, possibly fresh out of a freezer box, tasty dipping sauce
WON TON CHIPS: not my thing but they did eventually grow on me, very light seasoning is complemented by the green onion dip intended for the wings
FOO DOGS:  skewered kurobuta sausage wrapped in a potato chip is actually pretty dang good! Bummed that I didn't receive either of the dipping sauces mentioned in menu description, though.

But the ramen. That's what I came here for, and that's what I was underwhelmed by. The spicy miso broth was all spice, no miso, very one-note devoid of the richness signature to a great ramen broth. Charred scallion leant an unpleasant burned flavor to the dish, but I did enjoy the mushrooms. The egg was cooked perfectly but the noodles were overdone? Not sure how this was managed.
*Additionally, a double-take at the menu when I left revealed that I was charged full price for the mostly-untouched bowl rather than the HH price. Grrr!

Service was hit or miss. Karen, the sushi chef, was a delight and gave me a sample of their Hamachi with ponzu, jalapeno, and sriarcha- fresh and delicious! Blonde female server was peppy and prompt. But the hostess was out of it, didn't acknowledge me for several minutes and then brought me the wrong menu. 

NOTE: Menus on website are outdated and do not include pricing."
"I'm going to state the obvious here: TYT has solid tacos. I especially like the lengua, though most people I know prefer their al pastor. They also offer soyrizo as a vegan/vegetarian option. I have yet to try their loaded fries or nachos, since I usually come here when I specifically want tacos, but it's only a matter of time. 

However. I really, really dislike their ordering system with different lines for different proteins. I don't care if it's traditional or authentic or whatever, it's inconvenient. If you come here with more than a couple of people, the lines back up and there's no room to queue up. If you want multiple proteins, your order will be cold by the time you're able to eat."
"I really wanted to love this place. Mediterranean is my favorite cuisine, and this place was highly recommended to me, so I saved this spot for a special occasion and made a reservation for my birthday. The decorative touches of the dining room are thoughtful well put together, but most of the dishes were not. The tapas dishes we started with were great, but instead of escalating to a crescendo with great entrees and dessert, those dishes disappointed. 

FALAFEL: Heralded in other reviews as one of the best versions in town, I had high hopes for this dish and I was not disappointed. Small, crisp balls with a nutty, soft interior plated on flawlessly creamy hummus and a nicely acidic tabouli salad. Simple but solid.
GRILLED EGGPLANT WITH FENNEL AND CHILI: Great! So many flavors in this mix of vegetables, but considering it's placed in the ""wood fired"" category of the menu, I would have liked a bit of char to the eggplant or onion. Regardless, this was tasty and the eggplant itself was tender.
KIBBEH NAYEH: I love a good tartare but have never had lamb this way. It's wonderful! I found it a touch tough but flavorful; I enjoyed how the dish incorporated mint and lebaneh. Highly recommend!
HOUSE PICKLES: Misleading name. This is a dish of house-pickled cauliflower, celery, and carrots. These got spicier as we got deeper into the dish. BF loves pickled foods but we both found this combination of vegetables odd and unsatisfying. Remove from the menu.
CHICKEN TAGINE: Here's where things started to head south.  Rice was a touch overcooked and almost mushy, chicken was flavorful and well-seasoned but a bit overcooked and dry. Small mistakes, but ordering this dish felt like a big mistake.
GRILLED OCTOPUS: Probably the most-recommended dish in other reviews, this fell completely flat for me. The actual octopus was overshadowed by the giant cloud of shredded celery atop the dish, and the portion size was small (even compared to others in town) and lacked flavor. The octopus was only slightly charred but had little to no seasoning. I enjoyed the potatoes and lemon vinaigrette more than the actual octopus. The version at Bazaar Meats is miles better, and it's not even the best version in town (Jaleo holds that honor). This can't possibly be the same octopus dish others raved about unless they've never had it before.
SCALLOPS: Another case of small mistakes. The scallops were slightly rubbery and did not have an adequate sear, indicating that they were not cooked on high enough heat. The piquillo-almond puree and brown butter accents were wonderfully harmonious, but not enough to make up for the star of the dish falling flat. 
FIG & ALMOND PANACOTTA: I love a good custard, and this was nicely creamy and paired well with the figs... but the delicate, balanced flavors were overshadowed by the harsh amaretto poured on top. Cooked down into a more mellow syrup, this would have been much better but instead it was borderline offensive. We did not finish this.

It soured my mood a bit that I made note of my birthday when making my reservation and not once was it acknowledged or mentioned in any way- not even when the information was pulled up as we were greeted. Our server was nice, but the dishes she recommended to us were the most expensive ones we ordered and the most underwhelming. At the end of our meal, she never came back after dropping off the bill; eventually a manager stepped in to check us out. 

It's a gorgeous space and I might consider coming back for a few of the smaller dishes, but I was extremely disappointed with my overall experience- we enjoyed less than half of what we ordered and were virtually forgotten by our own server."
"Paina brings the original Hawaiian style poke bowl to Vegas! Though there are many poke bowl spots opening around town, all the native Islanders have been quick to point out that they're not the real thing- Paina is. 

The poke flavors at Paina are traditional and fish-forward; there is actual Hawaiian poke in your bowl rather than just fish and sauce. If you're used to the usual overly-sauced fish bowls with tons of toppings, you may find these underwhelming- note that each topping comes with a 60-cent charge. You can also purchase the pokes by weight to take home, keep an eye out for the tako poke, which sells out!

The Nanea salmon bowl was the first one I tried, followed by the Hawaiian bowl, which combines hot and cold protein with lomi and kalua pork with your choice of poke.  The fish is fresh and flavorfully marinated, and the fish quality is higher than their competition. The ahi katsu Caesar salad was also an interesting menu item; the protein portion goes further than it looks and crisp Romaine and flaky parmesan add a lot of texture. 

Bonus star for partnering with OnoSweets for fancy Hawaiian-influenced desserts, like strawberry mochi, ube tarts (love!), and matcha roll cakes. Definitely plan on having something sweet to end your meal!"
"The restaurant name may say ""pizza, pasta, and grinders"" but really the best menu item is the Ivar's Clam Chowder. It's creamy and packed with a plentiful portion of meaty clam, potatoes, and green onions, and absolutely delicious. We don't often get cold weather in Vegas but it's perfect cold-weather food.

The 12 ounce bowl doesn't look like a big portion but it's filling. Priced at $7/bowl, $8 when you add garlic bread (and yes, you want this garlic bread), and $9 as a lunch special with a drink. Add oyster crackers if your heart desires.

Small location is in a hidden nook of a strip mall, but worth finding for the chowdah- not to mention the collection of Seattle memorabilia adorning the walls, display case, and tables. If you miss the Pacific North West, it's cheaper to visit here than to buy a pane ticket."
"Boba from a truck with an 8-bit logo?! Didn't think I'd like this spot so much but now I grab a drink every time I see them. Their menu is small but curated, with a few unique options rather than a whole slew of milk teas. I think I prefer it that way.

Horchata flavor is my favorite, with the taro Oreo being my backup plan, and their chamango version is good for hotter weather. The boba itself has been inconsistent but the teas have a lot of flavor and the service is quick and friendly. Opt for the larger drink size, as the small is a glass bottle with screw-top lid and boba doesn't keep well anyway."
"Bookmarked this place when I saw Nelson Q's review, and when his lady Sylvia Q got hers featured as today's ROTD, I headed in after work. It was hot as hell today, so I stuck to the cold drinks despite being more interested in some of the hot flavors.

Ordered three drinks to go: pink lychee ade, blue lemonade, and the yuzuade.
All were served up in a drink carrier, with a smile, and I was introduced to their nifty and unique loyalty card tracking system.

Super cute little store: Korean drink café meets modern-art-installation feel featuring antique radios and various Volkswagen trinkets. Sweet little store with plenty of mismatched but comfortable chairs- also liked how many had single tables to go with them, able to be moved freely but completely individualized for solo visitors with devices. 

Drinks themselves were very interesting. Blue lemonade was refreshing, the lycheeade was super sweet and had almost a floral taste to it, and the yuzu was slightly more mild with a flavor that grew on you as the drink disappeared. 
Would visit again, but would opt for the hot drinks!"
"Came in on a weekend afternoon for take out., total was about $30 before tax and enough for another meal later of leftovers. Overall service was friendly. There seemed to be a whole family working. Food was made fresh to order and took a few minutes longer than one might usually expect to wait for an order, but the quality of the food more than justifies any delay you might experience.

The EMPANADAS with the green sauce were a great start to our meal: BF isn't typically a fan of these small meat pies, but he inhaled one and had to be warned not to eat mine as well. Acidity of the green sauce brightened up the flavor.
The LENGUA IN SALSA was to die for. No kidding, the sauce of tomatoes and onions and potatoes is heavenly, the perfect south American comfort food. The lengua itself was a plentiful portion, stewed to just the right texture and doneness that it fell apart beautifully.
The CHULETAS dish was also a gigantic portion, and the green sauce came in handy here as well, keeping the dish from becoming boring. Speaking of boring, most people don't consider rice to be all that exciting. The rice here is perfect: fluffy, light, warm, and flavorful, rather than just filler. I generally stay away from or go light on carbs, and this rice had me sneaking bites until it was all gone. Chuleta was served with a side salad, which came with several tomato wedges and nearly an entire lime- all very fresh!
Side of YUCCA- this version was nice and crispy like very thick steak fries, but I prefer them with a stronger garlic seasoning to them. Added a bit of salt and ate with yet more of the green sauce. Fabulous."
"Review for HH only: 2-6 M-F, including food and drink specials. Good quality for HH, decent selection. You can get a light dinner for 2, sharing 4 dishes and a cocktail, with tip, for $50. 

COCONUT CURRY STEAMED PRINCE EDWARD ISLAND MUSSELS: A must-order. For $8 you get a heap of mussels in a great sauce that tastes like a bowl of Tom Kha soup and curry powder hooked up one night. I just wish the table bread was more suitable for soaking up that great sauce.
FALL RIVER CLAM CHOWDER: sounds pretty basic right? This wasn't my choice, but it ended up being one of my favorite dishes. BF called it the best clam chowder he can remember. Great creaminess, punch of seafood flavor, really comforting.
SHRIMP, OKRA, AND ANDOUILLE SAUSAGE GUMBO: The main dish I was looking forward to, but underwhelmed by. I've had a lot of gumbo in my day and this one was solid but not the awesomeness I anticipated. Good subtle build-up of heat, lots of sausage, good value. 
ALLIGATOR MEATBALLS: I've had alligator before, and I don't dislike the slight gaminess to the flavor, but I was unimpressed by the 'balls here. The creole aioli mustard was a slight drizzle, felt this dish didn't have much flavor. The most expensive dish we ordered, $4/ball, was not the same great value as the other dishes.  I wouldn't get this again.

HH prices only valid in bar area, recommend seating by the raw bar to watch the chef put together seafood dishes. Service was fine, restaurant isn't particularly large and has an awkward corner location. There isn't enough on their standard menu to tempt me to return for dinner."
"Bank Atcharawan and his sweet wife have the service and Asian-inspired desserts on lock here at The Patio. Bonus points for the southwest location, where the quality is better than most of your choices in chinatown (or in town in general, for that matter) without the hassle of hunting for parking.

Came in with a large group during their grand opening and tried most of their menu, returned a couple more times when in the area. The standouts were the Thai Tea cake with Thai Tea cream sauce, which was subtle and slightly spiced. The matcha red bean mini-cake was my other favorite, with a pretty chocolate decoration and a bomb blackberry fruit sauce that elevated the cake itself to another level of flavor. This was also the first place I tried the Hong Kong Egglet Waffle, which had a crispier texture than I expected, accented with fresh fruit and house-made ice cream. The corn-berry flavor is definitely unique, and I enjoyed it more than I expected.  The Tropical Fruit Butter Toast, Chocolate-Strawberry cake, Coconut Cream Cake, and Butterfly Pea Lemonade drinks were not as noteworthy to me.

Almost as impressive as the delicate desserts is the lush floral decor setting that quite successfully captures the feeling of being at an outdoor garden party. Looking forward to coming back to do some paperwork in their serene setting while trying their teas!"
"I'm not vegan but often eat that way. Vegenation has a menu with something for everyone, from animal-free pizzas, burgers, and apps, alongside the expected soups, salads, and sides. Most recently, I went in with a large group for a meetup event for brunch- note that the online ordering (via Grubhub) shows more options than are available at that time, so be flexible.

My table shared the cauliflower wings (always a winner, love their house ranch) and fries, the mushroom and tofu Bao Wow (big fan of the new recipe!), the avocado tacos (eat them quick while they're hot), the elote tamales (huge portion), and the biscuits and gravy (mushroom based instead of sausage based, still full of flavor). I tend to prefer vegan dishes that don't use mock meat products, but they do have them.

On previous visits, I've enjoyed their chicken sandwich, mac and cheeze, loaded tots, and pizzas- you can find healthy options here but it's more of a cheat meal type spot. Their vegan sushi app is cool to try but not a must-get for me. 

Location interior has a pop of greenery from live plants and natural light from a wall of windows. I like their patio seating when the weather is cooler. Make reservations and bring your patience on the weekends- their brunch this past weekend was packed, with only a couple of servers.

TIP: Use Yelp check in for free sangria. Weekend brunch includes live music. Online ordering available through GrubHub."
"Ever since Jimmy Epley sold JD Taxes, the H&R that replaced it is just another shill. The stellar customer service and attention to detail that made me and my partner use JR for years is now just a distant memory. H&R is now trying to charge their inflated corporate prices, several times over what we used to pay, for the same services, insisting that what we need requires add-ons and various ""service fees"". No thanks, I'll handle it myself from here on out."
"+ One of three places in town with Stumptown coffee! Available as a Nitro cold brew, a pour over, a french press, an affogato, and more, plus an assortment of loose leaf teas.
+ Curated selection of snacks and sweets, including Happy Ending chocolates, Rip Van Wafel cookies, and Cornish pasties.
+ Friendly service from Hailey on my first visit, then Doug on my second. They know their ish!
+ Active social media presence, including a heads up on soft opening hours, freebie events, featured menu items, and specials. 
+ Relatively bare modern space to showcase the quality beans, limited decor featuring local art.

I can't make the trek across town often, but I'll definitely be more open to AM appointments in Henderson knowing I can get a solid caffeine fix here."
"I've been driving past FNR for ages but finally popped in for a visit after seeing some friends post positive reviews. Their menu is surprisingly extensive with flavors, and they also feature a product called a ""croffle""- a combination croissant and waffle. 

I ordered a PB&J rolled ice cream, adding on extra strawberry and a Nutter Butter for a pretty presentation. Total was around $8 for dessert, but portion can be shared. The Latina girl who made my order was friendly and helpful with making my order photogenic. The flavors in the ice cream mixed well and texture was properly creamy instead of icy. My friend also enjoyed her Pistachio flavor, which they say is made with imported pistachio cream.

There are a few things this spot should be doing to improve, though. Maybe it's a minor complaint but the windows here are filthy and need to be cleaned. Hours on window are scrawled and smeared with paint pen instead of legibly written. Photos of their croffle look appealing, other than their cheap disposable Dixie plates. Product is good, but professionalism and presentation still matter."
"I'll be the first to admit that I'm not in Rainbow's End's target audience: I'm not a crystal-rockin' hippie vegan, but I do love healthy food and they have it here. 

Shout out to the tea aisle: loose leaf varieties are available, as well as a novel iced-tea-travel-brewer bottle that I will probably go back to purchase. Bottom unscrews to add your tea leaves into the strainer, screw back on and fill with water, brew-drink-reuse. It doesn't get much easier than that.

The cosmetics and beauty product section has several tester bottles to try, which is a little unusual for a smaller place. Everything here appears to be carefully vetted before being featured, The Cream in particular is worth the raves (and the price, and the location behind the counter, as well as my first-born). Candles are also great here, particularly the fresh cotton scent.

But the deli counter in the back is what really drew me in: the GREEN GODDESS pita sandwich is $8 and packed with shredded carrots and beets, tomatoes, red onions, and sprouts, accented with veganaise and a side-packet of Goddess dressing. Heads up, that mad-delicious dressing packet packs a 200-calorie wallop. Rainbow smoothie with papaya is also a tasty option."
"I'm a big fan of food holidays- you know, those obnoxious, random days when social media blows up with photos of a specific dish and your email is full to bursting with discount offers all geared toward one item on one arbitrary day? Love 'em. But Meatless Monday and Taco Tuesday are weekly staples for me, and Tacotarian is a great spot to hit up on either of those days.

Tacos here are super fresh and served on corn, in a modern and inviting white and turquoise space. Menu has tacos, burritos, and other assorted Mexican dishes with proteins in the form of vegetables, Seitan, jackfruit, and even Beyond Meat products. The additional toppings on some of the tacos (just cilantro and onion vs cilantro, guac, pineapple, etc) sway my opinion to favor those that are a bit more loaded up. 

I would like to try their enchiladas on a future visit but would like a choice of protein other than the current mashed potato filling. Regular prices for some tacos go up to $4 each, which is a bit steep for the small street taco-style size of the product. I do like how they partner with Nourish for their non-dairy ice cream dessert!

TIPS: Don't forget to hit up the salsa bar for some spice, both house-made and bottled options. If you go on a Tuesday, you'll be rewarded with discounts in the form of $1.99 prices on featured tacos!"
"Similar to Papa Murphy's, Pie Me Over is a take-and-bake business model, except with a different product. If you like pies but hate the hassle of baking, or the flavor of frozen, this place is a good option to have.

The pies here are tasty, but as Norm said, I'd enjoy more customization options. The freshness is evident, and the rotisserie chicken especially was tasty in the pies, but so far the only thing you can specialize is the crust. Owner stated her favorite was the cheddar, other reviews tend to favor the habanero. Taste is only slight, but the habanero was my favorite as well- buttery crust has almost a Ritz cracker flavor to it, but flaky and soft with a tiny hint of spice to it.

Price is competitive: crust selection changes the price a bit for each size, but the individual is just under $7 and an ample portion. Apartment size is meant to feed 2 (roughly $15), with a larger family size available too. If you're just a couple, I'd get two individual size pies with different crusts until you find your favorite.

Service was friendly from owner and cashier. When owner found out I'd found the business through Yelp, she made a few comments about how they have one ""weird review up,"" and discussed the customer's visit.  I found the comments unprofessional, particularly given that Yelp is essentially free marketing and the review she was referring to was the only reason I'd even heard about the business to begin with, let alone stopped by. 

If you like the product, hold on to their punch card: nine pies of any size will get you a free individual! Hoping they eventually expand to other flavors of savory pies, or even maybe offer take-and-bake dessert pies- maybe try this as a holiday special? They also had sliced date bread available at the register."
"With the exception of scrubs, this store has nearly every medical supply you could possibly need- CPAP masks, scar gel, 90 different types of gauze, burn wraps, and way, way, more. But if you're going to have that kind of massive, specialized stock, you need to have knowledgeable employees, preferably with a medical background.

I called ahead of my visit to confirm that they had what I needed (posies), employee checked and confirmed that they did. But when I headed over the next day, the few employees available didn't know what I was talking about. I even pulled up a photo and description of them online using my phone, and they were clueless. I was directed to an aisle and told ""they might be here""-- 10 minutes of searching through their disorganized store, and I left frustrated and empty-handed, without a single apology.

TLDR:  this place has everything you could need, except for customer service."
"This is a surprisingly swanky steakhouse for an off-Strip boutique hotel, and I wouldn't have even known about it if they hadn't been on LivingSocial! The discount was a nice draw to get me here, but I was impressed and would go back.

BREADBASKET: Okay, bread is pretty basic but they also give you this killer kalamata olive tapenade.
ESPRESSO RUBBED SKIRT STEAK: Espresso flavor was bold, this dish was better than expected.
FRIED CALAMARI: Large portion, two dipping sauces, preferred the spicy ketchup. BF really enjoyed this app.
CAESAR SALAD: served with large anchovies, and dressed just right. Better than the usual version you find at steak places.
SIGNATURE SEA BASS: I'm more of a trout kind of girl, but the promise of a truffle crust lured me in. The fish was well executed, moist, and flaky, and the portion was generous. BF also enjoyed this.
FLANK STEAK: Menu lists this as a 12 ounce portion, but what we received was huge. Even with both of us eating at it, we had nearly a third to take home. Cut was recommended by our waiter.
LOBSTER MAC AND CHEESE: Not too cheesy, not to heavy on the seafood sweetness, good complement to the other dishes without being ridiculously rich.

Entrée meats are served with a trio of salts to season yourself. That and the live jazz drifting from the lobby were nice little extra touches that added to the experience. Black and red décor scheme with luxe accents made this place feel like more of a splurge than it really was.

Unfortunately I cannot remember our servers name, but he was pretty great. Service all around was good throughout our visit, from the manager who seated us to the sweet guy that bussed our table."
"Anyone who gives this place more than three stars without being drunk needs to have their head examined. I appreciate that there's an affordable option on the Strip, but most casinos have a food court or casual eatery on site somewhere, so price really isn't enough to nudge this into the extra-stars category.
This is basically a slightly-nicer Quizno's.

Earl of Sandwich is a chain that offers (what else?) sandwiches: warm or cold, with side options like chips and cookies, and the occasional soup or salad. While some rave about their bread, I guess I've gone on the wrong days because it didn't blow my mind.

The original is tasty, though I prefer a very light touch with my horseradish. It's refreshing to see a caprese on a fast-food menu, but the bread texture/density doesn't complement the delicate components of this particular sandwich.

But the fact that this place is rated one of the top five places to dine in Vegas based on star score and number of reviews is downright insulting to the hundreds of phenomenal restaurants we have, even including ones that are not celebrity-chef-owned or expensive."
"It isn't hard to find a ""French bistro"" style restaurant in this town, but it's not as common to find one frequented by actual French customers. My guy and I came in for dinner and were some of the only folks here who weren't fluently conversing with the owners. We tried several menu items and they were fairly good but unfortunately nothing left us clamoring for more. Perhaps I'm just used to Americanized takes on French dishes though.

The highlight is definitely the homemade bread, which was frequently and cheerfully replenished. The French onion soup is made with a vegetable broth for a more subtle flavor- perhaps serving this in a deeper bowl with thinner crostini would yield more of actual onions, which were meltingly delicious. The escargots and mussels seemed thrown together; the onions and garlic used in both dishes was barely cooked and the sauces did not have a developed flavor. The beef tartare and baked brie were okay, but the execution lacked finesse, like individual ingredients put on a plate together rather than cohesive dishes. My guy said he really liked the contrast of the creme caramel dessert paired with his espresso, and the pricing is very reasonable. We stuck to dishes we're familiar with and were surprised that we weren't more impressed, but will likely be making trips back for lunch tartines or dinner entrees.

The attentive service and beautiful location make this a good date-night spot. They appear to have a happy hour for drink specials, and most other diners were enjoying a glass or bottle of wine. Per management, they will be introducing a brunch menu within the next month!"
"The owner, Jerry, is from Poland- and he brought his sausages and pierogi recipes with him! There's a trio of flavors for the pierogi, and they're all good but the cabbage and mushroom is my favorite. Whichever you decide on, they're served in the traditional style topped with sour cream and fried onions, and they are comfort food to the max! The bratwurst sausage, dressed with cabbage and mustard, is the perfect compliment to a pint inside at Banger Brewing. Quality is solid, prices are a bit inflated due to the location (5 pierogi for $8!) but not outrageously so- the sausages and sandwiches are generous portions. I'll be back to try the meatloaf!"
"It's kitschy. I dig it. Diner-style setup with Asian décor touches like a dragon on the ceiling and matching lions at either side of the door, a menu that boasts both Southern staples and Chinese dishes, and friendly service. Somehow, it works.

CRAB RANGOON DIP: A tasty deconstructed version of the dish. Not much crab in the dip itself, but the flavors worked and the fried eggroll skins as chips was fun.
KINDA CHINESE RIBLETS: Super tender, drowning in a hoisin barbecue sauce. Mixed feelings on this. BF and I didn't enjoy these as much as we were expecting to.
CRISPY SOUTHERN FRIED CHICKEN: Moist meat, crispy skin, dusted with what seemed to be ranch dressing powder? Odd but tasty, it added saltiness that the dish needed. Cornbread muffins were painfully dry, and I don't understand why the chicken is served on sliced white bread? I really appreciated that the batter on the chicken wasn't very thick. Ultimately this dish was just okay.
SRIRACHA MAC AND CHEESE: Elbow noodles, cheese, a hint of spicy sauce, and everything nicely offset by a green onion garnish. I liked this more than I expected to, having mostly ordered it because of the low $3 price tag. 

Service was fast and friendly. The southern portion of the menu (save for the cornbread) seems to be executed better than the Chinese. I'm sure the menu will change a bit as they settle in and see what works and what doesn't. Hopefully the trio of wings (unavailable during my lunchtime visit) will make the cut for my next visit."
"""Stop trying to make fetch happen!"" -- Mean Girls
Much like a millenial trying to make a random slang term go viral, someone keeps sinking time and money into this mall trying to make it successful and unfortunately it just isn't happening.

A recent remodel has improved the facade but it's a ghost town. When your anchor stores are Bath & Body Works and Footlocker, you're in trouble. Majority of foot traffic is concentrated in the food court and even that has multiple closed counters. Several of the store spaces are businesses I've never heard of that seem to be more local, like those you'd see at a flea market but with larger spaces, selling imported home decor items, consignment furniture, and cheap clothing. There are barely any customers even on a weekend and it seems like half of the businesses are closed- even Sears, which seems to be hanging on by a thread, is completely closed up before 8PM and even the more prominent restaurants like Mamma Olivia are closed on Sundays due to lack of business when weekends should be their busiest time."
"The Mixx is a mix of several different dining options: part bar with HH specials and live music, part sit-down dinner with upscale steak and seafood entrees, and part build-your-own-bowl (and dessert!) setup not unlike a Mongolian grill. All menu prices inexplicably end in .77, for another (unnecessary) added gimmick. The atmosphere and decor are classy but the concept is muddled. 

HH: Food specials are limited to about five dishes all priced at $4.77(?), which isn't that great of a deal when the dishes are bruschetta, truffle fries, and hummus. Their regular menu is pricey. The bacon wrapped dates and sliders (pair) on HH are decent deals, and the burgers especially were cooked just right so they were nice and juicy! I'll be getting them again.
BUILD YOUR OWN: The ""regular"" size portion is huge, like share-it huge. I dined in with a friend and she went to the buffet area to mix up a variety of carbs (noodles!), proteins (including shrimp and lamb), veggies, and sauces. It's one of those things where your food is as good as you make it. As others suggest, it'd be great if they had some go-to combos listed on the menu to pick from (scampi sauce + shrimp + tomatoes + spinach + mushrooms over your carb of choice, for example). 
REGULAR MENU: The coconut lemongrass mussels are worth a shot. The creamy broth is amazing, similar to a tom kha soup, but with mussels. Portion looked large but we got a few empty shells and a couple that were tiny and/or dried out, which was somewhat less than appropriate considering the $18 price tag, but that broth was damn delicious. 
DESSERT: What the hell. Another build-it-yourself thing. They currently have a Yelp check in offer to get your dessert for free ($8 value), so do it. The brown butter tart with vanilla bean ice cream, strawberry preserves, caramel drizzle, and candied hazelnuts was frickin' awesome. Again, portions are huge, and even sharing didn't take down this treat. This is actually one of the rare places I'd insist on getting dessert when I return.

Service even at the bar is pretty friendly. This space is huge and they kind of seem to be doing a little too much under one roof, but the food is tasty enough to come back for. Check social media for discounts (like BOGO drinks) and the occasional Groupon."
"Aerie's new west coast flagship store is a gem- a compact three-story space on the Strip, it's not the easiest to get to but it's full of the body positivity and cute clothes you expect from the American Eagle sister brand. Went in for their grand opening, which included an early morning yoga class and stuck around to check out the sales.

One of the brand's standout features is their commitment to not retouching photos and featuring real bodies in their advertising campaigns rather than the 001% of the population that is supermodels. Additionally, their actual product is pretty solid, with fair pricing for basics, layering pieces, and seasonal stuff like holiday PJs, scarves, accessories.  Pieces fit true to size and so far, they hold up better to washing than H&M or Forever 21 purchases, which are about the same price point. This location also has on-site custom screen printing, which is a cool touch but one I am unlikely to utilize. 

TIP: Park at the Tropicana and walk over using the MGM bridge or use the mall garage (across from Eataly) for $10 flat-rate if you plan to stay in the area for a while."
"This place will fix your fish taco craving in no time. Come in on Tuesdays for half off their classic fish taco after 2:30 PM... but you may have to remind the cashier, because their registers don't automatically give the discount. Wish I'd noticed this before I paid $8.

The shrimp verde taco is also good, but I'd personally request it on corn tortillas. They're currently promoting a langostino burrito that sounds tasty, but the fish tacos are reliably large and tasty. Service is surprisingly friendly and this location is a bit more formal than their usual grab-and-go set up."
"I've had this spot bookmarked for their bossam dish for a while, but haven't managed to coordinate a group to go in. Went by myself for hot soup on a hot day after hot yoga. The kimchi and spice were just what I needed to clear up some congestion! Their dumplings are especially noteworthy. 

Location has a clean and modern design, it was also freezing cold- a huge pro when Vegas temps are over 100. Menu has a lot to offer, including their lunch specials til 2:30. Portions are pretty huge, so prices are a touch high compared to some other Korean spots but you definitely get your money's worth. My $14 lunch was a huge bowl of beef noodle soup and three gigantic dumplings, plus a bunch of kimchi. The meat was very well-done even when first receiving the bowl but the noodles were plentiful. I really liked the boiled dumplings and will likely come back for them, didn't realize they had kimchi inside but the exterior was so thick and chewy and doughy! 

Service wasn't particularly attentive but some tables have a service call button (which I'm not a huge fan of). Still potentially planning a bossam visit, DM me if you'd like to be included."
"Wow. When you first walk into this small-looking spot in a run-down plaza, you'll be a bit taken aback by the massive amount of pastries, cookies, breads, and cake slices. And then there are refrigerated cases with jellos, custards, and whole cakes. This spot has a huge selection. You might even want to schedule an eye exam, because they have super low prices too. But oddly, they don't seem to get too much business (there isn't much in the area to draw other traffic), so I am a bit curious as to the freshness of their goods.

But I'm not one to pass up a new spot to try, so I gathered a variety of treats to sample and took my order to go. I like how they have miniature desserts for $1-2 and a 5/$1 cookie deal (mix and match however you want).

The truffles and Mexican wedding cookies were unremarkable, and the fruit tart I was so looking forward to had a thick crust that tasted like paste and an unremarkable cream filling. The beautiful leaf-shaped pastries (no clue what they're called) were little more than dough and that same flavorless cream. The mini cheesecake was alright, but the crust was mushy- not sure if this is due to the smaller size, refrigerator temperature, or your garden-variety carelessness.

I wasn't blown away by anything I tried, and the language barrier made it a bit difficult to ask about unfamiliar items (use the pointing system to order).  I may return to try some of the breads or a tres leches, but I'm not expecting greatness."
"Standard independent coffee house, appreciate that there is a drive thru but the complaints about timing are why I went in for my beverage- was in and out in under three minutes, large iced chai latte in hand.

I like that their house chai is a vanilla blend, saving me the hassle of adding flavoring (and calories). Menu has several breakfast sandwich options and they have several roasts to pick from if you like your morning brew strong and black.

Location is slightly messy in a lived-in way that is comfortable rather than chaotic. They have a whole wall of bookshelves filled with used tomes to browse, which is a nice touch. Service was friendly despite the morning rush."
"I'm not on the Strip often, but when I am, I make a point of stopping by here- the décor and theme changes fairly constantly based on the season and holidays. I have no idea when they do it or how, since it's never been closed when I've stopped by, but the changes are extensive and elaborate!

Displays of flowers are colorful and well-maintained, and perfect for taking pictures- there tend to be a lot of tourists in the area, of course, but usually you can luck out and find a friendly one who will take your picture in front of whatever you want. Just be sure to offer to do the same back for them."
"Pinkwashing concerns about the Komen Foundation aside, Race for the Cure is a great annual community event and 2015 is the 20th year it's been held here in Vegas. 

PROS:
+ Race day packets (number bib, shirts, timing chip) mailed out prior to the race, no need to show up early or plan a separate trip downtown.
+ Easy $5 add-on charge for timing chip option. All runs should have this available.
+ Separate sides of the street for runners and walkers! 
+ I love the flat course through downtown. There were several cheer leading, water, first aid, and music stations along the way.
+ Free parking garages and park-and-ride options to avoid congesting downtown.

CONS: 
- No safety pins included with bibs? A lot of people showed up with one large pin holding their bib on. I guess most people don't have safety pins lying around the house these days.
- Water stations were handing out full size water bottles. In theory, this is generous, but no one was drinking entire bottles and the route was littered with trashed bottles that were still mostly full.
- Considering this is breast cancer awareness and fundraising event, I was surprised not to see much information about breast exams, causes, preventative measures, new research, or anything really beyond the color pink plastered all over everything. 

Would I participate again? Yeah. The mood was infectiously positive and it's a great event. I just wish more educational aspects were worked in."
"The Toddy Shop is the epitome of what I love about living in Vegas: local chefs doing amazing things in the most unexpected places! Chef Hemant opened up shop inside the Inn Zone on Rainbow (a sports bar with a lively atmosphere) with a menu highlighting the dishes and flavors he grew up with. His background is actually in baking, so if any specials feature bread, GET IT. 

 Grab the rasta wings (jerk rubbed with sauce) if you want to hang out and watch a game- they're a touch spicy, served with fried plaintains for sweetness and fresh chips for a touch of salty, and the order pairs well with a cold one from the bar.

If you're in more of a dinner mood, the pot of biriyani is one of the best I've found in Vegas, with a great warm heat and a generous portion to share with a friend. But the Queen Karimeen is where they truly shine, serving up a whole pompano fish, flash fried and steamed in a banana leaf- the added flavors from the spices and masala make this a dish fit for a queen! 

Whether you dine in or grab takeout, the service is friendly and fairly fast. The next time I get a burger craving, I'm coming in for the Asian Persuasion and making my way through the rest of their menu. So glad to have this place in my neighborhood!"
"The ultimate treat yourself option: alcoholic cupcakes! You do have to plan ahead, because SCC is currently a pre-order/delivery business for special orders. I have no doubt were they to open a storefront that they'd be busy nonstop. They have a pickup location with their kitchen, and also offer delivery around the Valley.

I've tried their cupcakes at various events around town, they've been featured vendors at Yelp events and also make appearances on the Strip and at various local fundraisers. Note that the cakes are very ""wet"", more moist than your typical cake- I assume this is due to the addition of the alcohol, but it definitely negates the typical cupcake dryness complaint. Flavor preferences have varied, but they have fun names- red velvet backseat, better than sex, midnight mystery (chocolate), etc.

I recently picked up an order of their Boozy Bites, which are basically cake pops with alcohol instead of sticks, decorated with various toppings and sprinkles. Like an 8 year old given a box of chocolates, I took a bite of each one to sample each flavor over the course of a weekend and I regret nothing. Fun alternative to the usual gift of flowers and candy!"
"The decor and the food are big upgrades from what was here in it's previous incarnation as Pam Real Thai. 

First off, heads up that their online menu and their in-store charges are different: I find this both dishonest and suspicious, considering they just opened so it's not like the menu actually changed. I ordered the thai thai noodle ($13 online) and was charged $15- I pointed out this discrepancy and the cashier simply said, ""Yeah I know."" Really? Then why was I charged incorrectly? Don't like how this was handled.

THAI THAI NOODLE dish was just okay: ground beef, two shrimp, and some octopus with a ton of bean sprouts and a few rice noodles. PUMPKIN CURRY was tasty but way too spicy- ordered both dishes the same spice level (3) but they were drastically different. Lack of consistency is problematic, what's the point of a scale if you don't adhere to it?

Received a complimentary order of pad thai rolls (crispy spring rolls with noodles inside!)- they weren't given to me in response to the pricing issue, but seemed to be a Grand Opening special. Tasty!"
"In short: Come for the awesome poutine, stay for the well-priced sandwiches. 

The poutine is served just like it should be: hot skin-on fries with tons of cheese curd nuggets and a gravy bath. You can add pork to make it meaty and the portion is huge for sharing.
 
As for sandwiches, the Lox Bagel is under $8 and comparable to pricier versions across the Vegas valley. Pick your bagel (Everything!), and I recommend adding extra onion for crunch.

Bonus points for friendly service and a Yelp check-in offer for a free drink. Tijuana Hot, I'll see you next time!"
"Another day, another Sprouts opening! I love how they're taking over Vegas. I've been a fan of this grocery for nearly a decade, but there were only a couple of locations- this is the third to open here recently for a total of about ten in town, so you can get your fix no matter where you are. Grand opening event gifted visitors with 20% off and a free reusable bag.

This location is convenient to work and home, between the existing Lake Mead and Rainbow locations. Same layout as other newer shops, same attentive service and great produce and prices- I always go on Wednesdays for double ad day, when the current and previous week's sales ads are both in effect. Don't sleep on the bulk goods area, great for stocking up on snacks, grains, nuts, and dried fruits!"
"I was leaving a brunch on the Strip, fiending for coffee- I didn't want to spend $9 for a latte at the Aria, so I pulled up the Yelp app and found Battlefield Brew. Located just inside the gates at Battlefield Vegas, this standalone building is compact but cute with quality coffee and gift items in that Venn diagram for people who love coffee and guns.

Black Rifle beans are available for purchase, menu is limited but solid- they have a cold brew, a super-creamy nitro cold brew, and a special ""Honey Bomb"" drink in addition to your usual favorites. Alternative milks including almond, coconut, and oat available. No indoor seating or food items, more of a grab and go spot but there are benches outside if the weather is nice."
"I recently needed to get fingerprinted again for a new field. The location recommended by my realty school is clear across town and only open weekdays, so I did my own search and found this spot. Despite weekday-only hours, they do accept weekend appointments. I messaged through their website and got a fast response back confirming my time. Visit was quick and easy, I was in and out in about 15 minutes, and pricing was comparable to other spots in town.

TIP: There is no exterior signage. Find the building, then find the suite number, enter and go upstairs."
"The Belgians are really good at foods that aren't good for you: chocolate, waffles, and frites. Come to get the latter, served hot and fresh, skin-on and lightly salted, with your choice of several spicy and savory sauces. They also have poutine, as well as bratwurst available in chicken or pork, all of which the super-sweet owner, Perry, is happy to tell you about.

The sampler size frites is comparable to a side, with two sauces, just the right size for dining solo. The Green Goddess and Spicy Honey Garlic dipping sauces were both good, but the latter was incredible and I even saved my leftover bit to spread on a sandwich later. There's also a Yelp check-in offer for an additional free sauce if you can't decide.

The bratwurst wasn't quite what I expected, served sliced with the toppings I requested (cheese and sauteed onions) instead of on a bun as I more typically see. Sausage itself was tasty, and the onions were awesome, and there was a small fresh roll included, too. The brats are available as a lunch special between 11am-2pm at extremely reasonable prices based on the number of toppings and sauces you prefer.  Looking forward to coming back to try more!"
"This is a hit or miss spot. One location in town is by my work and this one is by my hair stylist, so I've popped by a couple of times. Location is part bar/gaming and part restaurant/dining room. Unlike other locations, this one is open 24/7 due to the gaming.

Most recently I came by for their breakfast menu. The asada and egg burrito, $10, had less flavor than expected. I even ordered this with green salsa added to the burrito, and it was so mild that it was more for color and creaminess than any flavor, let alone spice or heat. While I am glad they offer shrimp and salmon dishes here, they have also been on the bland side. 

TIP: Use Yelp check in offer for free chips and salsa. They also run promos like BOGO entrees. Recently offered local teachers 20% off, which is what brought me in (valid through end of May)."
"I'm not especially seasoned when it comes to the Vegas nightclub scene, but so far Surrender is my least favorite experience. Despite rolling in with a herd of hot women on a guest list, there was confusion and delay at the door and a condescending attitude from one of the doormen. Inside was larger than expected but decor was minimal and gaudy. We had a table and drink tickets, but the layout in general was lackluster and felt closed in and stuffy despite the relatively ample space. I will say that the bartenders and bottle service staff were extremely attentive.   

Maybe this place is better to visit in the spring or summer when it opens up to EBC in the pool area, but in mid-November when the pool is covered up and they use an enclosed green-house style structure in the court yard, it's less than ideal and there is no view."
"An update is long overdue for this one! Since my last review (over 3 years ago), I've come in a handful of times to consistently solid food and service- friends who are fans have invited me here for various deal days (follow them on social media) and to check out new menu items (like the Fortress).

I tend to stick to their brisket as my favorite protein option, but their chicken and ribs are good too. Their mac has a good kick to it and their Maniac Fries are good to share. Sandwiches are crazy-loaded and over the top in the best way- you'll definitely leave with a full belly, a great photo to share on social media, and likely also a takeout box, too. 

Staff have been great about accommodating groups despite the small location. Parking lot is also small but adjacent businesses have available space during evening visits- try to go earlier for best selection of meats though, as they often run out of popular items like ribs!

TIP: Their sauces are available for purchase, and they also offer a limited selection of desserts by Chef Malia Ploughman- save room or take them to go!"
"Underwhelming- upscale interior, slightly-inflated regular prices on menu, nice range of seafood options. Since I was only doing takeout, I just made the cut for the lunch specials from 11AM-3PM (also valid on weekends!) and opted for the garlic chicken. 

Per the menu, lunch specials come with soup (when you dine in), salad, fried rice, and egg roll (I thought this was a Thai place?), with entrée protein choice of chicken, beef, or pork,  surcharge for shrimp. My dish was  one flavorless spring roll, a heap of wonton strips (who eats those except on soup?), and a chunk of ice berg lettuce with some matchstick carrots. And my (half?) portion of garlic chicken: lightly flavored sauce, tender chicken, and a good shake of pepper on top? Very odd. Oh and the ""entrée"" section of the takeout box was largely dominated by a gigantic heap of white rice. Not fried. This would be better placed where the wonton strips are.

Service was quick and polite. Order did not meet my expectations. Did not eat half the order: won ton strips and dressing-less lettuce were tossed, could not stomach the flavorless spring roll or more than a few bites of the white rice that was hogging the space that should have been occupied by more garlic chicken.
Likely would not come here again."
"Like any thrift store, selection varies but this location is fairly well organized. Join their VIP club for alerts and discounts. Prices are on par with any Goodwill: typically reasonable, note the tag color and shop on featured days for discounts on the ticketed price.

I've come by a couple of times and consistently had the same issue: service. The employees I've come across are pleasant enough, but the line often snakes to 10+ people and moves at a snail's pace due to the lack of cashiers. I know GW is largely staffed by volunteers, but there are plenty of folks putting away and sorting merchandize. Sometimes the twenty minute wait to buy a $3 copy of Elf on Blu-ray and a couple of dishes is more trouble than it's worth."
"I have never used the services of a promoter before- as a Vegas local, I don't typically go out to nightclubs in the first place. However, with the slow winter season, Fred was able to take our usual girls night out experience and significantly upgrade it with comped dinner and table/bottle service. Communication with Fred was easy, all of the service staff we interacted with were professional and accommodating, and everything went according to plan as far as times and locations. We didn't have to wait for anything and only had to cover tips. While I wouldn't typically need promoter services, Fred's number is definitely one I'll be keeping for special events and occasions."
"One of those days when takeout Chinese and the TV are all you can handle?
Come here and place your order, while you wait you get a complimentary bowl of egg drop soup, then it's back home to your sweatpants and Netflix. You know what I'm talking about.

Best option is the lemon chicken- it's like the chinese food version of junk food, but the version here has two gigantic servings of chicken and is practically swimming in a generous amount of the perfectly sweet lemon sauce. Mad cheap with a side of rice for like $8.

If you're going the healthy route, the shrimp and vegetable stir fry with brown rice is also a good option- lots of snap peas, broccoli, carrots, and celery in a flavorful sauce with several shrimp. Combo also comes with an eggroll, rangoon, and a fried shrimp, also for $8.

Order both and add in a Big-Gulp-sized Thai tea and a tip for a date night around $20.
Service is friendly and relatively quick, can't beat the price for the quality."
"My BF is a sucker for good Italian food, and Phoenix has plenty of options. We ended up at Cibo when we didn't want to wait for Pizzeria Bianco. Cibo ended up being a cute spot for date night, located in a converted house complete with cozy nooks to get some privacy with your partner. 

Cibo speicalizes in Neapolitan style pizza, with blistered edges and a ""wetter"" middle. If you don't like that type of pizza, you might not enjoy your experience here. We shared an the meatball appetizer (three huge balls!) and a glass of wine, then split the Capricciosa pizza,  topped with proscuitto, mushrooms, artichokes, and olives, the dough miraculously remaining light despite the ton of toppings! Our meal was filling and reasonably priced ($40), but we opted for dessert elsewhere, as all of Cibo's options are sweet crepes."
"I'm a huge cheerleader for the public library system. Neighborhood libraries don't just provide books and other media for checkout, they provide essential community services. This one in particular has a food pantry type program on site, with free lunch for children, daily. They also have a full calendar of various clubs, groups, and meetings held to support the surrounding area with language learning, job skills, internet access, and socialization opportunities. It's a gold mine.

And their actual checkout selection ain't bad either. I like that I can look up what's available online and place holds for easy grab-and-go pick up. Navigating this location is a bit tricky, as they do have some signage but the layout is a little odd. Their graphic novels section in particular is well stocked, and they have several computer pods for walk-in reservation."
"Friendly service and great coffee, roasted in-house! Tucked away into a hidden spot at Sahara and Buffalo, Desert Wind is a quiet spot to snag a cup. Highly recommend the Breaking Bad, a slightly-sweet two-shot espresso drink. Hopefully they will expand their snack/pastry selection, they currently just carry a couple of cookies and muffins."
"Review for adjacent Banana's Smoothies counter- if you view the receipts posted in pics, the two places are separate lines that merge to one register.

Salad counter has cafeteria-style buffet of toppings- four toppings seems to be standard, with $1/additional topping, which is absurdly high. At the least I'd expect the menu to have a few set salads to choose from rather than being exclusively build-your-own. 

Other counter is smoothies: the superfruit smoothie is my pick, with strawberry, blueberry, and pineapple, for a sweet taste but no added sugar. Price difference from small to large is less than a dollar, so the large makes more sense at just under $6.

Service is pretty nonexistent, teens without social skills who toss your drink at you and can't answer menu questions. Typical mall food court restaurant in that regard, but this is probably your healthiest option."
"Soul food should always come in portions this generous! $16 seems like a bit much to spend on a smothered porkchop plate, but then you discover the plate includes three chops and three generous side portions- more than enough to share! Chops themselves come with your choice of chicken or beef gravy, but the overall flavors were just okay. After craving this dish for a week and driving half an hour, it just didn't quite hit the spot, unfortunately.

Sides selected were mac, greens, and cabbage- I'm not even a fan of cabbage but their version was flipping delicious with bits of ham and good crunch without too much oil. 
Too bad the other sides were so dismal- mac was a generous portion but super dry and the cheese was in large clumps as if my little sister were making it, while the greens were virtually flavorless aside from the heavy-handed dose of salt.
Cornbread was decent, kept in a warmer that perhaps over-steamed it, as they had a mushy texture that I did not care for.

I was hoping to find an alternative to M&M, but unfortunately this place was more miss than hit for me."
"Low prices, classic flavors, I'm a fan. I pop by more often for dessert (the mini size is where it's at!) than meals but the service is consistently quick and friendly. Their burgers, when I do have them, are okay, but the patties are thin and have been dry at times. They use a lot of cheese though, so it kind of balances out. Their skinny fries are pretty standard, appreciate the pumps of fry sauce in the lobby- dine in to take advantage!"
"Great grocery store- makes me miss HEB, a Texas grocery chain.
Walk in to a plethora of fresh and well-priced produce, then progress to the bakery, sushi station, extensive cheese and deli counter, rotisserie chicken and fried chicken station, and the seafood department. I legit did a dance when I found salmon steaks priced 2/$6- can't really beat that. I love fresh seafood and this is likely going to be my store of choice to buy it.

Mosey on past the olive bar, and you have a large wine selection too- and if you spot a guy with a Flock of Seagulls haircut, that's the wine department specialist, and he's great. Was doing wine tastings when I was there, and I found a great new California Cab that will likely make it into my regular rotation with it's $13 pricetag. Can't remember the name, but he said it's one of their best sellers- so ask for it!

I mostly stick to the perimeter of a store- not a fan of processed junk. But the cat food selection is pretty big and well priced: a 24 pack of Friskies wet food was only $9, enough for my guy to munch for a month.

Staff was friendly and helpful during the check out process, as well as when asked for help locating items- join for their store card to get discounts, doing so cut a good $6 off my final total."
"As far as Chinese takeout, it's super fast. Like, place the order in your drive way three blocks away and it's waiting on the counter when you walk in kind of fast. So that's definitely a vote in their favor.

As far as the food itself, it's okay. It's not overwhelmingly greasy, and they use a decent amount of vegetables, but the couple of dishes I've tried all seem to be fairly bland and my guy has complained that they're a little stingy with the protein. But at $7 for a lunch combo, that can't possibly be a surprise. Now if only they'd stop using frozen eggrolls."
"This spot is located near my work, and I've occasionally dropped in for takeout. The pho, as many other reviews state, is extremely unremarkable. Surprisingly, the lunch specials and chinese dishes seem to be where this place does best.

Lunch specials are $6 for a main, rice, and a cheese wonton- the beef and broccoli was surprisingly good, with tons of FRESH broccoli instead of the usual flavorless, frozen kind. The spring rolls are okay, always fresh and decently filled. 

The vermicelli/bun dishes are just okay: meats are bland, minimal veggies used. When grabbing to go, this is crammed into a takeout box that makes it difficult to mix. Would like to see them put these in a plastic container with a lid, like a salad, instead. Overall, pretty average."
"Decent outlet mall with mostly higher-end options. Location is under construction so some businesses are closed and parts of the parking lot are a bit of a disaster, recommend using the garage.

Despite the brand-name stores (Coach, Michael Kors, Kate Spade, Ann Taylor, etc), the mall itself is on the run-down side and not in the best area of town, either. Expect to run into a lot of foreign shoppers who are nearly rabid and salivating over the sale prices, with no courtesy- cutting you off, snatching up things you're looking at, etc. If you don't want to deal with that, maybe go elsewhere.

Lots of sales here, being that it's an outlet but definitely make sure you're getting a good deal before buying- many of the locations have minimal markdowns, while others have 20 on top of 50% deals regularly. Just shop wisely and make sure to inspect condition of items before purchase, many places have small-print all-sales-final policies."
"Yet another shopping plaza- nothing really stands out here to me, but I find the ""fashion village"" part of the name to be a bit misleading as there aren't many clothing stores here. 

One of the few REI locations is here, a handful of chain restaurants (Cheesecake Factory, Kona, Gordon Biersch) and the mandatory froyo and coffee shops, but little else."
"I came back for happy hour, and let me assure you that my first stellar experience here was not a fluke: the staff are on their game, all the time, both servers and chefs.

HH menu offers some treats that aren't available on their regular menu.
Tried the BEET FRIES, which are somehow reminded me of sweet potato fries in that they are a root vegetable that is fried then somehow made sweet with sea salt flakes and a mayo sauce. It works, but it's not my thing.
Followed up with the CHUKA BUNS, which were easily the largest buns I've ever had with thick, succulent slices of fatty, flavorful pork in a beautiful sauce topped with apple, jalapeno, and a relish that all complemented one another perfectly.
Server recommended their MIDORI CEVICHE, with apple, avocado, tuna, and a Midori sauce that resembled a pesto- very light, seemed like it was missing a citrus element to truly be a ceviche, but I enjoyed eating this with yucca chips.
CRISPY SPICY TUNA HANDROLL was tasty with a spicy mayo sauce and an explosion of fresh fish and nori flavor- perfect hint of sushi to tide me over because I couldn't justify getting the Fat Duck roll this visit.

Lastly, we opted for a new dessert. The Greenies was an amazing flavor and texture adventure, and this time the Chocolate 10 Ways didn't disappoint either: highlights were the white chocolate tofu and some kind of chocolate dust that reminded me of the old-school Nestle Quik powder, except without the chemical aftertaste or weird foam at the top of my drink. Again, another dish that married various flavors and textures in a harmonious way, to great effect.

Service, as always, was stellar. Sitting at the bar this visit allowed us to see various dishes being prepared, and it's crazy how familiar I am with the menu to be able to identify which dish each is after only two visits. You might say I'm obsessed.
Still have to schedule another trip here for the famed Fat Duck roll and the 20-minute made-to-order Milk N Cookies dessert!"
"I like it, but I don't love it. Makai's second location is near-ish to my work, so I've been able to pop in a few times. Their pricing and portions are fair, and the ono'est (3 proteins, 2 sides) easily makes 1.5 meals at $10. But I'm not the hugest fan of their cafeteria-style layout where some dishes are sitting out for a while. When I've been, off peak hours, the wings are on the dry side and the brown rice is slightly gummy. Other than that, service has good attention to detail: I like how they check the chicken katsu for doneness when cutting it up, and have tossed out a couple of pieces that look questionably pink. I'll be back again soon!"
"Cozy restaurant, decent quality, but it just didn't wow me, sorry.

BATTERA: lightly cured mackerel served nigiri-style over rice. Tasty, reminds me of Eastern European herring dishes. $8
TEMPURA: light breading, good variety of veggies, nice dipping sauce, maybe a little overpriced at $7 for a 6-piece order but I'd get it again.
ZARU SOBA: plain chilled soba noodles, supposed to be served with a dipping sauce that was missing from my order. Call me a basic white bitch all you want, but I didn't get the hype. $7

Intimate location, diverse menu. I'll be coming back to try soups and the udon."
"They recently opened and already this is my favorite location- it's clean and fairly spacious, there's a huge community bookshelf, and patio area. In addition to coffee drinks, menu has a few pastries, bagels, and sandwiches for light bites. Go when you can stay awhile, the dine-in ceramic mugs are enormous and your drink size is practically double!"
"Small town with several antique stores, hiking, and some good food, all a short half-hour drive from Vegas: what's not to love? 

Plan a whole weekend here: spend a day hiking, get your eat and drink on at Milo's, then listen to some live music and brews at Jack's Place. Stay at a local place, and wake up or the pork chili verde at Coffee Cup, browse the antique stores, grab a Dole Whip before heading to the park to see the Big Horn Sheep, and then grab a burger at Dillinger's before you head back home!

Locals are friendly, stores have diverse product you won't find elsewhere, and the food is actually pretty good- small town weekend fun, family-friendly or not. Totally up to you!"
"I enjoy the multitudes of meat at a Brazilian steakhouse as much as the next guy, but personally prefer other options to Via Brasil. The pricing is reasonable for what is offered, and I appreciate that salad bar-only ($26) is an option (and it includes a few hot dishes), but the main choices are Prime ($40) or Sterling ($50, +$10 for 7 additional meats). Assorted sides are included but dessert and drinks are extra for each package, a la carte available with HH at the bar/lounge. Management and servers were very nice and came by frequently to check on us. Interior is dark and upscale, with a large private area available for groups; gameplay discount menu available ($20 min).

We opted for the Sterling dinner. Salad bar was okay, with chicken marsala and marinara mussels available in addition to cold items and soup. The meats were all fairly good, but I was somewhat annoyed that we had to specifically request some of the additional featured meats for our category. We were able to try the NY steak, grilled shrimp, and rib eye but had to request others like the lamb chops. I would have tried the lamb leg and salmon if they'd been offered but the menu outlining our selection was not on the table and frankly that should be handled by the server not my memory. Meat quality was fairly good, with the garlic steak and bacon-wrapped filet being standouts. but most options were on the tougher side. Sides of asparagus and fried yucca were solid. 

TIP: Sign up for their mailing list for the occasional $25 discount coupon."
"I've been excited about this breakfast burrito spot opening since their signage went up nearly 6 months ago. I went in twice during their soft opening and tried a few different menu items, sharing feedback with staff. Glad to have a new quick breakfast option in the neighborhood, and with a couple tweaks they'll probably do quite well.

PROS:
+ Good value: burrito or bowl for flat $8, a couple of things have add-on fees. Portion size for both is good, bowl is a touch bigger (made 2 meals).
+ Nice variety: beans, potatoes, and eggs all come in several varieties with different proteins (sausage, chorizo, veggie) or plain for the purists. Choose black beans and sweet potato hash for a healthier option.
+ The actual flour tortillas they use are good quality, griddled to order.
+ Their pico de gallo and (house made?) salsas are legit, would add extra pico to anything I order here. The avocado crema is a nice addition, though it doesn't taste at all like avocado.
+ Service: everyone here has been pretty friendly, hopefully with time issues below will improve.

CONS:
- Both eggs and beans are kept uncovered on the line, leading to cold food (and clumpy beans). Burritos on both visits had to be reheated before consumption, and I only live a couple blocks away. Mentioned this to management.
- Staff still a bit disorganized and confused despite a couple of soft opening events. Items on the line need to be labelled (for customers and employees) as it can be difficult to communicate over the partial wall, along with an ""order here"" sign at front. 
- Might be more expeditious to have one person build each item all the way down the assembly line, rather than add each topping and pass along? Worth a try."
"Shawnta finally has her own studio! Woop woop! I am so excited for Shawnta and Rawlins, both of whom I've followed around the valley to different classes and fitness events around town. They're both such positive, energetic people, with great workouts- and BDF really captures those traits with a great (positive! accepting!) atmosphere, fun classes, and a family of members.

Classes include mixxedfit, zumba, u-jam, and piyo (among others)- the choreography for the dance classes is really energetic, and PiYo is a strength and flexibility class that combines pilates and yoga. I recommend Maybelle and Kristen for instructors for first-time visitors. 

Monthly memberships, class packages, and drop-in rates are competitive with the average in Vegas. Some noteworthy things to keep in mind: current class schedule doesn't have weekend options, and there's only one bathroom/stall. 

NOTE: If you're a dude that likes to dance, or just wants to try a different workout, BDF is a great option. You won't be the only one!"
"The Cosmopolitan has long been my pick for Strip casino with the best  casual dining options, and this sentiment is now amplified with the opening of Block 16. Several famed restaurants from around the country have opened up in one centralized area, with Pok Pok and Lardo hailing from the PNW, Hattie Bs from Nashville, and District Donuts from NoLa, and a couple others joining them on the second floor, right across from Eggslut and China Poblano. So much tasty food in one place!

+ Ample bar style seating at each counter with larger tables for groups towards the back.
+ Great spot to do a ""food hall crawl"" with a group, assign people to a specific counter and share for a little bit of everything.
+ Orders are available for here or to go, and each counter seemed good about packing up orders as needed and providing takeout boxes/bags.
+ Strip pricing markup is a thing (think +$3/meal compared to their original locations) but the portions really are large and shareable.

I do wish that validated parking was available for locals, because it is tough to come here even with one specific counter in mind and leave in the hour window for free parking. I am not a huge fan of the automated pay system prompting for a tip at grab and go counters but I am thrilled to get my spicy chicken fix without a plane ticket."
"Every aspect of this company is a nightmare.

Scheduling is a pain- though this airline is cheap, you have to do some detective work to make sure you're getting the best price. Which is why I had to book my guy four separate flights to get to and from a work conference in Orlando: one from LAS to DFW, another from DFW to Orlando, then the same in reverse to return, in order to get the best final price.

First flight was delayed and then cancelled. No contact was made to alert me of this prior to arriving at the airport. Every other airline I've flown has texted and/or called me in a timely manner. Had to make two trips in one hour to our lovely airport to retrieve my guy. Staff had absolutely no ability to reschedule anything or come up with any possible solutions. This airline only seems to have evening/red-eye flights, so next available flight was 24 hours away, which didn't work for the conference we were travelling for in the first place.

Since rescheduling with the same airline was not an option, had to shell out last-minute ticket prices for American Airlines- twice the price. Spirit has very strict policies/rules about when/how to request refunds, and I'm happy someone informed me that they are only able to issue one refund per trip per person. In other words, if your first flight has an issue, don't do anything about it until you have thoroughly completed your travel with Spirit. Because if you have additional issues getting home, they won't be able to do anything. Which makes no sense at all.

Return flight was also delayed, but luckily not cancelled. Which isn't to say it's wasn't without irritation. What was supposed to be a 11PM arrival barely made it around 1:30AM. Luckily I didn't have work in the morning.

Overall flight experience is miserable. Tiny-ass seats, very strict luggage requirements, steep fees for every little thing, not even water is free of charge in the air. Basically, you can only travel with a lunchbox unless you want to shell out $40-50, because they will literally charge you $100 at the gate to CARRY ON a bag. Even if it's a duffel bag. Because lord knows if you ain't got no leg room, your weekend bag isn't likely to fit under the seat in front of you, either.

**IF YOU ARE CARRYING ON LUGGAGE, take your bag to the airport and make sure it fits in their little container. Otherwise, the fees you pay will eliminate any savings you get on the ticket price. Consider yourself warned!**

I love saving money, but I wont be doing this again."
"Taste Tea is a cute little spot- their cat decor and wish wall won me over before I even tried their drinks. Despite being a tea shop, I still haven't tried the actual teas and have stuck instead to featured drinks like the Strawberry Cloud (fancy cup, fresh fruit puree, sea salt foam, icy consistency) and the Pistachio Slush (just the right consistency, punch of flavor, but you could tell it was a powder base). I've found their boba to be just right, not too soft or too hard, and always still slightly warm (signage says they remake every 3 hrs!). 

Their service is friendly and they mean what they say when they ask you to try your drink and they'll adjust or remake it if you don't like it, props for that. Find them on social media for discounts and promos."
"I'm not fluent in Greek, but I'm pretty sure Yassou means ""delicious food"". Found this place on Yelp and bookmarked it, then heard from my BF that it was an old favorite place of his, so naturally we went by our first full day in town.

The lunch specials are well-priced and delicious- for $10/each we got a gyro (the big fat for him, the lemon chicken special for me), with greek fries and a drink. Not bad at all, and portions are huge. Price for value is excellent.

Both gyros were delish, but i'm more a fan of the traditional gyro meat rather than the chicken, though it was good to see a healthier option on the menu. Worth a try, at the very least.
Greek fries are the bomb- regular fries with feta, and maybe some garlic?, and parsley. Delicious. And for a take out order, they are carefully wrapped so as not to displace any of the plentiful crumbly cheese. Smart thinking!

Love how the owner himself is working alongside the employees to make and fill the orders- great sign and also underscores the quality you can expect here."
"Women and shoes. Don't get between us and no one gets hurt. I have self-control issues and shoes are one of those areas. It used to be really bad but now I can shop like a reasonable person instead of a contestant on a game show.  That said, I've avoided this store despite hearing great things from friends because of my shopping problems. And apparently that was a good choice, because I've now gone three times in less than two weeks. Their loyalty club is to blame- unless every purchase you buy is from the clearance section, in one visit you'll likely spend over $100 and immediately get loyalty rewards for a discount off your next purchase. Which, if you're me, will make you go right back in again a couple days later. The cycle never ends! So DSW, in a nutshell, rocks.

But this location specifically has been consistently clean and well-organized, particularly the clearance section which can get catastrophically messy elsewhere (refer to beginning). The layout is easy to find what you're looking for (or what you're avoiding). Though I have spent longer in line than I'd prefer, there's always someone wandering around to ask about fit, extra sizes, online orders, home shipping, etc. I like several of the brands they carry and love that I can find trendy designer shoes at a reasonable price-per-wear cost. Now if only they offered a service to style an outfit around the shoes... that is a service I desperately need."
"I recently bought an old Giant from the 80s and have been into Pro Cyclery a handful of times for repair inquiries, parts and tools, and various purchases. The bike itself is outdated and not in the best condition, but my guy and I are working to get it roadworthy.

Staff at PC have been helpful and professional. The tool I needed to remove the bottom bracket is not one they stock, but they were great about referring us to another place in town and spoke well about their competition, which is classy. Previous experience picking up and dropping off for a spoke repair was quick and easy. 

Selection of bikes and accessories in store is on the higher-end side but they do have sales and in store events. I really appreciate that they don't use a hard-sell approach here and are straightforward and cognizant of budget restrictions- my wheels would have been $30 each to true, and it made far more sense to just replace the tires and make spoke adjustments given the age of the bike. Will be back here as needed!

TIP: Ask for Penny, she really makes a trip here a treat! ;)"
"I love the concept and space at K@A! The menu is refined, the space is modern, the crowd is grown-hipster. I've been by twice and the beer menu is a thing of wonder (the Chai on draft is perfect for fall!), but food execution seems to vary based on who's in the kitchen.

I love seeing beef tartare on a menu, and this one with cured egg yolk was sufficient but would benefit from a bit more seasoning. The Mexican-influenced Caesarette with grilled cactus and corn nuts was a surprise hit, and I really like the lime in the dressing. An entree-size version would make a great vegetarian dinner! Props for having a spaghetti squash shakshuka and a veggie burger for those who are unable to eat meat.

Chicken thighs are the cut I work with most at home, and I really liked the gravy and chicken-fried mushrooms used in the preparation here, but it was a touch salty and the cuts of meat were oddly small and rubbery in texture. My guy opted for the Surf & Turf and the giant tiger prawns were easily the star of this dish, while the tenderloin was a touch tough. We shared the PBJ Bread Pudding, made with brioche. The flavor profile successfully nailed the nutty-sweet balance, but the hot buttered sherry sauce was unnecessary and overpowering. Perhaps it's because we went in right at their 4PM opening, but the dessert was also cold in the middle as if it'd just been taken from the refrigerator. 

We were informed that they were training new kitchen staff, which may explain some of the missteps above. I really am a fan of the menu and the space, and will be revisiting to try other dishes (specifically the wings and scallops!) in the hopes that the execution will be a bit tighter than my last visit."
"Whenever you go to a thrift store, there's usually one section that shines: here, it's the shoes. Not everything was gold, but there were several like-new brand name shoes for low prices, and the majority of shoes were in good condition and not too out of date in terms of style. Lots of business wear shoes and a surprising selection of boots, too.

Rest of the store was kind of lackluster. Large kid's clothing section,, more to the men's department than I usually see at places like this, and tons of kitchenware, but most of it was straight out of an 80s garage sale. If you need a fondue set, you'll find a few to pick from though.

Women's clothing area has some good finds, and all items were clean. The Loft, Cost Plus World Market, and Anne Taylor brands were present, and a lot of dated and faded off-brand shirts. Pricing is a bit odd: some items were reasonable ($1-5 per clothing item seems about right IMO) but a $30 dress was a bit odd to find.
Heads up, the women's clothing looks unorganized but all the sizes seem to be mixed together, which was such a headache I stopped looking."
"Popped by recently for a solo lunch when plans elsewhere in Chinatown fell through. The compact menu has a couple of apps, two meal sets (pork or chicken) with add-on options, and drinks. Food was hot and fresh and service was attentive throughout, manager came by as well which was a nice touch.

Poke app is three bite-sized pieces on wonton chip, pretty and fresh but could've used a bit more flavor with sesame oil or Himalayan salt. Fried oyster app had a pleasant combination of textures: warm and chewy body, slight crust, crunchy radish beneath with a bit of seaweed, Japanese mayo with a touch of wasabi for dipping? Hit all the spots.

But the pork plate was the real meal: rice, soup, cabbage salad, and dipping sauce with a huge fillet of crispy, juicy pork. I didn't much care for the ""salad dressing"" for the cabbage but the pork itself was extremely well made with a great crust and juicy meat. There was a slight unexpected sweetness to the breading itself that would've paired better with a less-sweet sauce. $12 portion is a good sized meal even without the apps, I took quite a bit home.

Service was attentive and I especially appreciate that they honored their Yelp check in oyster offer (intended for use when 2 entrees purchased) even though I was dining solo. Will come back to try the chicken entree!"
"It's Italian, it's a deli, and it's a wine shop. Forget the pizza and pasta, anyone can do that. The deli is where this place really shines! Fresh-cut meats and cheeses, various salads by the pound, and enough traditional sweets to induce diabetes. Plus a massive wine selection. 

But the best part is the deli- beautiful bread that is crisp and buttery on the outside but soft and chewy on the inside, topped with the aforementioned imported meats and cheeses, high-quality olive oil and fresh basil, and just absolutely perfect.

For cold weather, the chicken parmagiana is just right: the size is big enough to split, just under $10, with so much marinara and mozzarella that it initially smells like a pizza. But sink your teeth into the tender, juicy chicken and you'll be too focused on your food to carry on conversation.
As for our usual warm weather, the Roma sandwich is the namesake of this place and for a darn good reason: domestic or imported prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, roasted peppers, and olive oil. It is deceptively simple, needs no additions or sides. It is just right.

Just ONE request though: PLEASE put your menu on your website!"
"I've had this place bookmarked for months, but live way on the other side of town. Recently had the opportunity to hit this place for dinner and was a little underwhelmed. Service is polite, location is pretty basic and bare-bones and menu is exciting but didn't quite deliver.

BULGOGI BURGER: Good choice. Thick, hearty burger patty with flavorful 'gogi for a pleasant combination of flavors. The American cheese was an odd pairing but somehow, it worked.

CHEESESTEAK BURGER: Swimming in cheese, I thought I would love this. The mushrooms, onions, and pepper mixture was a little on the bland side but combined with the cheese sauce it was tasty. But the mixture somehow just didn't combine with the burger component. It felt like two separate dishes on one plate. 

GARLIC PARMESAN FRIES: Large portion, lots of parm, but no garlic. Really bummed, since I miss garlic fries from living in the Bay area where they're  all over the place. I'm also not a huge fan of skinny-cut fries but mostly I was just underwhelmed by the lack of garlic.

I'd stop by this place again, and I would try another few of their burgers. Signage outside indicates that they also sell some Mexican foods which I thought was a little odd and may be overreaching, but staff was Hispanic which may explain why they added those particular dishes."
"Pizza: even when it's bad, it's good. I mean, it's pizza. Carb base plus sauce plus toppings, which you can mix and match willy-nilly. What's not to love?!  Well, my inner Hulk comes out when they are out of roasted garlic but that's another story.

Pizza Rev is perfect when you're dining solo but craving pizza and have no self-control or when your dining companion has incompatible pizza preferences. The size is just a bit more than a single meal and they have all sorts of customization options. I tend to stick to spicy sauce and spicy pepperoni, mix mozz and feta, then shake up the veggies and drizzle on some pesto every now and then. 

This particular location stands out in two additional ways: their taproom area (self-serve beers and wines) and their staff (extraordinarily friendly). I've quickly become a regular since they opened and don't see that changing any time soon. Download the app to rack up discount points and the occasional BOGO offer."
"This place is so good, I came twice in one day! (That's what she said?)
I popped in for a solo lunch and snagged the personal Eggplant Ricotta pizza with added pesto. Love that seasoned crust and the pesto made it pop. Everything was made to order, including the eggplant. The personal size is huge and I still had a slice left.

Dinner plans were a bust so I took a Family Meal special over to a friend's house for a group gathering: 1 large 1 topping pizza, 6 wings, and 6 garlic knots for $20, not bad at all! Even adding a second topping, tax, and tip, was still like $25. The 'za was devoured, the hot wings were fought over, and the garlic knots are dusted with powder and served with sauce rather than the dripping, buttery kind. I still enjoyed them and didn't feel like I was gaining a pound a minute. 

Location is kind of hidden but they use street side signage for specials. Service is super sweet and the two gals who helped me both visits were attentive and friendly. There are a few tables inside and a couple outside, but they seem to specialize in delivery."
"Grab your girlfriends and head to Kyou for a spa-style pampering session! Parking is hard to find in this super-busy Chinatown plaza, so make a day of it with mani-pedis in the morning, grab a meal a few steps away, and finish up with another service like a massage, facial, waxing, or lashes and a drink at the tiki bar to show off your new look! The only thing they don't do in this huge, gorgeous space is hair. 

Nail services are competitively priced with Asian nail art available. They're still in grand opening mode, so check for discounts on their social media accounts. My mani-pedi from Melissa was a relaxing experience, and her attention to detail was top notch. Bonus points for having hot tea available to up the relaxation during the foot soak. I don't usually take time for myself for beauty treatments, but Kyou is the spot I'll think of - my next visit will be for a deep tissue massage!"
"WHY I LIKE THEM:
+ Unpretentious neighborhood coffee shop with friendly staff.
+ Did I mention they're unpretentious? No hipster bs here.
+ They have a solid range of beans and varieties of coffees, even their drip is pretty good.
+ Their specialty beverages are best though, whoever thought of mixing smooth peanut butter with coffee can have a kidney if they ask really nice. I love that black and tan! They also have cold and tea beverages.
+ Food menu has fresh-made quiches and sandwiches, rather than just offsite grab and go pastry options.
+ Clean and open location with lots of natural light, plenty of tables and bar seating, couches, games. Feel free to stick around awhile."
"The setup of having two businesses in one manages to work out surprisingly well- come in to the right for just drinks, or dine-in the noodle shop and order your drinks off the tea bar menu for table service. I like the decor, it's a great location for such a spot, and the staff have been friendly and proactive about service issues... but the tea itself isn't up to snuff.

I love that they offer split cups, but despite trying four different drinks so far, I've only liked one. Staff are great about remaking drinks, but I haven't noticed improvement when they do. Matcha is consistently muted and bland, Thai tea tasted artificial with an odd aftertaste, boba texture is off and doesn't tasted marinated. They also don't offer any other toppings (grass jelly, crystal boba, sea salt, etc). Their White Peach tea is my favorite, and I'm intrigued to come back and try the Froze, but maybe they should fine tune the classics first before going into more innovative options."
"I would rank the chicken tenders here slightly below versions at ChikFilA and Raisin' Cain but above Wingstop and McTenders. The cleanliness of the restaurant and the friendly efficiency of the employees reminded me of ChikFilA, but with different sauces and blueberry coleslaw instead of waffle fries.
 
Standout sauces, in order, are the creamy garlic, chipotle barbeque, and the buffalo bleu. Other options include ranch, bleu cheese, honey mustard, and sweet heat. Tenders were on the smallish side, order of 3 was a bit over $4. The much-hyped blueberry coleslaw was interesting and fresh, but not really for me.

Extra cool points: they have ketchup on draft at the condiment station, and Cheerwine available for purchase (a regional soda from the Carolinas)."
"HK has been open nearly a year but dinner reservations are still among the most difficult to come by in Vegas. For best results, use the Open Table app to make a reservation. Same-day weekend lunch has been available a few time I checked on a whim, finally went in with a visiting friend with only a couple days notice.

Bright, airy space with a gorgeous bar and open kitchen. The interior dining room is probably a great spot to sit and watch the cooking action, but our seats in the glassed-in side room made for great lighting and more privacy for conversation. Server Carlos was simultaneously laid back and on top of everything, definitely a casual vibe for lunch.

LOBSTER RISOTTO: Had to get this, thanks to Phil's photos and review. This is the first thing that arrived and upon my first bite, I considered cancelling other dishes and just getting two. Risotto is heavy on the truffle with an expected amount of lobster for a $24 dish, easily shared between a couple as an app. Sets the bar high for future dishes!
SEARED SCALLOP APP: A signature GR dish that he's made across several of his shows as a participant challenge, not just HK. These weren't as good as expected but still had a perfect sear. Note that they are halved for pretty presentation, so you won't get that full, meaty bite you might expect.
WILD MUSHROOM PIZZA: Figured this would be more of a filler dish but didn't want to go too heavy for lunch. My mistake, this pizza was bomb! Crust was perfect, thin with both chew and crisp edges. Ample toppings with a medley of mushrooms and another dose of truffle oil. 
BRAISED SHORT RIB: GR has a short rib dish at every restaurant and I think now I've tried them all. This one might have the prettiest presentation, and if you're a fan of the cut, you'll enjoy it. Meat is a good portion size, fatty for flavor, enjoyed the creamy polenta base too! 
STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING: A must at any GR resto, shareable portion so only one is necessary for the table of 2-3. Menu also had a great-sounding peanut butter cheesecake, but this dessert will always be my pick.

Long story short: Make a res, go for lunch, get the lobster risotto and sticky toffee pudding, everything else is up to you. I am not a huge fan of the Wellington (I've had it at Steak) but it is one of his signature dishes available with the lunch combo special (with app and STP). Enoy!

TIP: Business is a stand-alone building, not inside Caesars itself. If you go outside by valet, you can cut across to access."
"From the start, service was an issue. Our server explained their menu by saying, ""this isn't like Outback where each person orders one thing, you order a bunch of stuff to share.""  Then we were given metal forks and knives to eat our dishes, while Asian customers were given chopsticks. I guess I look too white to know anything about Japanese food? I found the (also white and female) server's assumptions  to be laughably offensive.

On top of that, we were given the wrong bill. How you manage to mix up your tables when there are only two parties in the entire building is beyond me. 

The only reason I'm giving more than a single star is because Chef Henry came out and introduced himself, which was much appreciated. Other staff were sitting around talking or playing with their phones.

Menu is limited, dishes were average and bland.
CLAM GINGER SOUP: Tasted like ginger water.
MISO FISH SOUP: Large bowl of miso soup with fish instead of tofu. Very simple.
VEGETABLE TEMPURA: artistic presentation, but tempura coating was very thin and falling off. Server forgot the dipping sauce.
VINEGAR GRILLED MACKEREL: Decent chunk of mackerel, wish the skin was crisper. 
SAUCE GRILLED SQUID: Generous portion but very rubbery, bland despite the sauce.
STIR FRIED UDON: Ample serving of chewy noodles and veggies, comforting flavors.
Nothing stood out as something I would come back for."
"Let me get mathematical on you for a minute.
If salmon + crab = awesome, and tomato + avocado = delicious, then adding shredded radish and applying ponzu sauce via the distributive property equals the phenomenal JUSTIN SPECIAL! Shout out to the supporting ingredients: furikake, sesame seeds, and scallions. Okay that last part was theater, not math, but whatever. 
TLDR: Get the Justin Special, you won't regret it."
"I was initially impressed by the spread of salads in the deli case as we walked in. Variety and freshness were on point, and pricing for a pick-three salad sampler was reasonable: $8 plus upcharges for salads with meat, makes sense.

But the portions were small, and a pile of shredded lettuce was hidden under my scoops falsely making them look like more. They were very fresh, but lacking flavor: orzo salad could use feta or something else to perk it up, quinoa was the favorite but a little plain, cucumber-tomato salad had no seasoning whatsoever, and the cherry tomato caprese scoop I got had a scant five pieces of mozzarella.

BF paid $10 for a corned beef sandwich: thick bread and meat, plain and boring, but would have been fine if the meat was good. Unfortunately it was dry as hell. For the prices and image they're setting, you'd think they'd have a good quality mustard to dress it up, right? Nope, just packets of generic-brand yellow. We tossed the other half, unable to choke through the dryness any more.

Dining room layout and decor are oddly reminiscent of a hotel breakfast bar, before you even consider the disappointing food. Staff is friendly enough. Salads are okay. But nothing here is worth the prices they're asking- and I personally steered clear of the Italian offerings they had, as they were served cafeteria-style. Did not look appealing."
"I know I've been here before and I clearly remember posting a review. But it's gone and I revisited recently, so here's another.

Long story short: 24 hour drive-thru Mexican food. It's fast, it's cheap, it's pretty decent. Their green salsa is my favorite and their breakfast burritos are huge. There's a walkup window and outdoor seating if you have time to spare. Daily discount items if you're looking for a deal. I have not had the service issues others mention, but I only pop by sporadically."
"Perfect Scoop now has a second location! This location has the same milk tea, boba drinks, and ice cream sandwiches that the other is known for. They seem to have added extra vegan dessert options to lure over visitors who come to eat at the Vegeway in the same parking lot- smart!

However, I prefer the one on S. Rainbow. The layout for this location is weird, and there's no ice cream counter to see their available flavors. You pick from a list and your order is made in the back and brought out? Bizarre. Also, the majority of the space is dedicated to arcade games with two tiny tables and a ratty couch for seating. It doesn't feel welcoming, and the staff present for my visit barely said two words. My purchase was clearly interrupting her texting. 

The product had some issues, too- opted for a vegan ice cream cookie sandwich. I liked that I could mix two different cookies, but the peanut butter was much too soft and instantly cracked, while the chocolate chip cookie nearly chipped my tooth it was so hard! Didn't finish either. The white chocolate peanut butter vegan ice cream didn't have much flavor, but it was a generous portion, good consistency, and didn't melt away into a mess as I drove home. But for an $8 cookie sandwich (vegan surcharge plus tip), I expected better."
"If work sends me to the east side for the day, there's a better than 90% chance I'm going to Cevicheria El Diamante for lunch. Though the various namesake ceviches are solid, their food is just really good in general with super-fresh seafood, several spicy sauces, and a great attention to detail and plating.

Their seafood tacos are bomb. The Baja fish tacos are battered on double-layer corn with a light sauce inside and a spicier sauce used on the plate. Their $6 shrimp gobernador tacos are probably my favorite, with several shrimp, a spicy sauce, and Oaxaca cheese but the Marlin is also great, with a similar preparation but not easy to find in Vegas. Makes me wish I could go to San Diego more regularly, but this spot is good when a craving hits.

The tostadas are my preferred way to get their ceviches, mostly because the portions are huge and I'm usually dining solo. If you just want a little something extra on the side, or to take home, they have a few different fresh empanadas- the shrimp/chorizo being my favorite, but the green sauce they're served with is too spicy for me. 

The servers I've had are polite but they often seem understaffed. They get busy in the evenings and only have one or two servers for a full house, and tables often go uncleared for quite a long time because staff are busy tending to customers. The kitchen also seems to get backed up easily, but as long as you go in aware and the food keeps coming out great, it's not a deal breaker."
"With the Jones Market being just a hop, skip, and jump away, I'm not entirely sure how this place stays in business. I mistakenly thought the name ""Deli"" indicated that they made sandwiches, but sadly they only sell the components to make sandwiches yourself. Not a big deal on it's own.

But nearly all of their merchandize is identical to what you can find at Jones Market, and often at a better price. Plus JM has way more selection, as well as ready-made foods. 

This small store reminds me of the ""Russian store"" offered in San Antonio- very limited, with a  big part of the appeal being the frozen pirogies. The store is clean, organized, and well-lit. But again, the merchandize can be found elsewhere- even the frozen pirogies can be found at Sprouts, same brand, too, though not quite so many varieties/flavors.

There may be a small thing or two this store has that others do not- a specific variety of jam, or maybe a particular brand, but by and large this store does not seem to have anything unique to offer.

Even after reading reviews here, I was a little underwhelmed- and browsing their meat case, it was unclear which of their sausages was the ""amazing polish sausage"". Might come back because it's so close, but will likely continue patronizing JM as it's only a mile or so down the road."
"2nd location of Jozo, not sure why this one is promoted under another name, but same menu of drinks, waffle sticks, and paninis. Location is small in a busy lot but they offer online ordering and the space is calm with a cozy seating area. Hopefully they'll add a table or two for outside seating.

I've come by a couple of times for drinks, snacks, and lunch. Despite being their namesake, the drinks here have been underwhelming. ""Sangria"" tea tastes like neither tea nor sangria, totally different fruit combo. The cold brew latte comes with sweet cream, which is fine, but it's very diluted- maybe customer should mix to preference. They offer cbd infusions, as well. Haven't had the boba here. 

Food is surprisingly good, not just an afterthought as at other drink-focused spots. I tried the waffle sticks at a community event and didn't love them, but the strawberry-stuffed version I recently tried in store was hot, sweet, generously portioned, and super fresh. They have 3-4 paninis and the California (chicken, cheese, avo, spinach, tomato, etc) is filling and nicely melty. Service during recent visits was polite, if on the reserved side.

TIP: Check in on the Yelp app to get $5 off $10+. Great deal."
"It's everything you expect from a Regal theater inside a local casino- access it fast from the parking garage, grab your eats before or after the show at the adjacent food court, and feel free to show up last minute because there won't be a crowd. Take your Regal Crown Club card for half off drinks or snacks on designated days (Tuesdays?).

Auditorium was clean, sound was fine, staff we interacted with were friendly. Concession stand has ""real food"" items like pizza and corn dog bites in addition to the usual popcorn and nachos. Note that this one also has local beers and wine by the glass available- snazzy!"
"They must have changed up the recipes in the kitchen, because the low reviews from late 2014 are quickly being swept away by good reviews in 2015. Went in apprehensive but was quickly wowed by great service, and happily discovered my new favorite wing joint!

Not many sauce choices, but all the flavors I've tried have been good.
Voodoo: sriracha+soy, surprisingly good!
Garlic parm: strong garlic flavor, my new favorite.
Lemon pepper: this version is a dry rub with some oil.
Hot & Sweet: like a mango habanero elsewhere, not too spicy.

Wing are good-sized and meaty, unlike my experiences with other wing chains. Menu also has sides like fries, fried pickles, and cole slaw, but the service is top-notch! Friendly staff at the register remembered my name and order after a single visit, always super cheerful. They do have a drive-thru available."
"I'm all for bringing a hockey team to Vegas, not so enthusiastic about how one single business can change the landscape of Vegas' parking policies. This place is pretty cool for a venue, with so much thought put into the surrounding shopping area and the on-site dining and drinking options (including a nightclub?), and yet a complete oversight (or intentional douche move slash business decision) to build such a structure without any parking. You can use an adjacent garage at NYNY or Monte Carlo with inflated event-day pricing ($20?), purchase ahead of time online for a discounted rate ($12). 

The facility itself? Modern, with several bathrooms and a bar practically every 50 feet. I lost count of how many bars we passed between the box office and Section 1. Plenty of helpful staff around directing foot traffic, too. Props for the built-in ceiling fans and ice-cold AC system running throughout the event I attended. As another friend said, the actual seating available seems to be a smaller space than MGM Garden Arena, which translates into a ""not a bad seat in the house"" kind of effect. I wouldn't turn down an opportunity to see a performance here, but I don't get the hype either."
"Go grab some cash and come get the three meat plate. Just don't do it on Fridays, because you'll be sorely disappointed- they're closed.

The roast duck is the obvious top pick, juicy and delicious. My second-favorite is the roast pork, fatty and tender. The BBQ Pork is another option, thin-sliced and lightly sauced. The plate gets all of these served on a bed of rice with some Chinese broccoli, and it makes a huge meal.

Got the won ton soup based on all the other rave reviews- I like that the broth was actually seasoned, and the won ton filling had a good sesame oil flavor, but this dish doesn't travel well and is probably best left off your list if you're grabbing takeout.

As others say, the service is uh, ""authentic""? Don't expect the staff to understand you without making various hand gestures and/or pointing. But the prices are fair and the portions are huge, and even if they give you the wrong thing, it's probably still super tasty."
"It's basically the same as any other location- sadly the inept staff seem to be a company-wide thing instead of location-specific. I ordered online for better pricing, and opted to pick up in-store for immediate gratification (and no shipping charges). Sounds simple, picking up an order, right? Wrong-o.

Order was not correct, employee had difficulty correcting it, but ultimately did so- after I picked up, returned, and re-bought one of my items, this time at the in-store price instead of the online price, which was a difference of nearly $10, thus defeating my money-saving strategizing.

In the future, I'd rather wait a couple of days and wait for my order to arrive by UPS than come in store again."
"Mixed feelings about this place: limited selection, mostly good quality, but a bit overpriced. Great selection of wholesale bath and kitchen fixtures, table tops (without legs), and cabinets, but I came for the decor items.

Several lamps, chairs, and tables available: all priced on par with a Ross or Marshalls rather than what you may typically think of for a thrift store-type business. some tags are color coded for discounts, others are not negotiable (but should be). Staff appears to be volunteers."
"I run a lot but I am not particularly selective about the shoes I wear. In the past 8 months, I've lost multiple toenails due to shitty shoes. I don't really want to spend a ridiculous sum on shoes that I'm literally just going to run into the ground, so I came to WSS to check selection a couple times. 

The selection here is just okay- they primarily carry the Nike brand and a bunch of generics, and the women's selection isn't impressive. Ironically, I've been able to find well-priced ($20-25) heels for work here, but haven't found running shoes I like. Their promos are okay, $20 off $100 or $10 off $60, etc. 

I can't relate to the other reviews referencing poor service. I'm greeted at the door by the guy at the security station (not a fan of that setup), and left alone to browse- which is how I like it."
"I am not a massive Mariah fan- her 90s R&B hits were more my jam than her older stuff, but she does a good mix of her hits for this show. As far as whether or not she lip syncs, I couldn't tell from my seats but she still sounded good and appeared to hit her notes. A couple of times, she asked for her mic to be turned up, and she did a couple of elaborate improv vocals, I'd say she at least does a good majority of her own singing. Bethany E. and I had a good time!

Set list as of mid-June:
1. Vision of Love
2. Love Takes Time
3. Someday
4. I Don't Wanna Cry*
5. Emotions
6. I'll Be There (with Michael Jackson and guest)
7. Dream Lover
8. Hero
9. Fantasy*
10. One Sweet Day
11. Always Be My Baby*
12. Honey
13. My All
14. Heartbreaker*
15. Thank God I Found You
16. We Belong Together*
17. Don't Forget About Us*
18. Touch My Body*
19. Infinity

Starred my favorite songs. Her opening is pretty great, have your camera ready. They say no flash or video, but no one was really enforcing this- just be respectful. There are a couple of tracks where she walks through the audience, so this may be worth the orchestra prices if you're a superfan. Unlike Celine Dion, she goes quickly and doesn't pause for photos, so snap fast. The show moved along at a good pace, and I thought MC looked and sounded pretty good considering she's been out of the game for a while now. My only criticism would be that she didn't interact with the audience very much... I thought her 8-piece super-ripped male dance troupe slash eye candy posse totally made up for that though!"
"I don't understand where everyone else went, but my food didn't match the raving reviews.  Grabbed takeout at 11:30AM on a weekday, and the food was disappointing. Maybe we came on an off day, but it was hard to find anything to like, though we were unable to try the ribs, which sound like their best meat option.

SERVICE:  An hour after opening, they were out of ribs. When my boyfriend  expressed surprise, she said ""this happens every day."" Uh, basic supply and demand would then suggest you make more. W e'd planned to split a three meat plate. Now, with only brisket and chicken left, we'd have to double up on one. To do so, we were charged an extra $7 for the double brisket. This is ridiculous, and we were put in the position to do so by the lack of other available meats. Takeout box was put  on the counter, had to get bags and utensils separately. If the majority of your orders are for takeout, perhaps someone should be bagging up orders appropriately.  Just a thought.

THE FOOD
BRISKET: My initial thoughts were complimentary. But as we got away from the edges of the piece of meat and into the interior, the meat became dry and unappealing. The brisket was the best of what we tried, but we didn't finish it.
CHICKEN: It was fall off the bone tender, but lacked flavor and was also on the dry side. This went unfinished as well.
MAC AND CHEESE: I found it interesting, and kind of fun, that they used bowtie pasta for the mac. But it was falling apart and the only flavor seemed to be from the seasoing sprinkled on top. The first few bites were fine, but again, as we got more into the dish and the noodles broke into pieces and the seasoning was gone, flavor was very one note. I do like that they were nicely saucy (dry mac is the worst offense!), but this version was lacking.
SAUCES: Okay, even average bbq can be made to shine with a good sauce. BF grabbed two different types for us to try and both were gross. One was sickeningly sweet with a chemical-like after taste we couldn't place, while the other (the Godfather?) was similarly sweet but with a punch of pepper. This wasn't balanced, it was just pepper. No bueno!

 I may be from Texas and used to great bbq, but after two years in Vegas, I've scaled back my expectations-- and even so, this spot didn't meet them.  Perhaps I'd feel differently if I tried the ribs everyone raves about, but I don't feel inclined to give them another try for a while."
"This location is a definite upgrade since they relocated from the UNLV area- bigger store, better selection, attractive storefront. The prices even seemed more reasonable, too. Found several Banana Republic, Michael Kors, Anne Klein, Jeffrey Cambell etc type brands- some with original tags still on them. Appreciated that they had a good amount of work-appropriate items; I'm used to their stock being limited to painfully casual or too-kooky-to-pull-off-in-a-professional-setting.

Fourth star is for Clarice- she's a fashionable pixie of an employee, was friendly and helpful throughout my visit, in that genuine way that isn't found often in Vegas."
"I haven't been to Paris, but this cafe whisks me away to another world with the open and airy decor. The space is small but there are several two-tops and a bar area for seating, along with high ceilings and a humongous pastry case displaying their gorgeous goods. I've only tried a few items but have been impressed so far- the strawberry puff in particular was tasty without being too sweet, and my latte was made just right. The family own spot is influenced by their Tahitian background, with sweet and savory crepes available for brunch. I plan to come back with a friend to catch up over lunch and sit on their cute patio!"
"I had been looking forward to a visit to Lotus for ages! I finally made a reservation for a special dinner with a visiting friend, and marked my calendar. The new location is beautiful and service handled the dinner rush well (make those reservations!), and overall the meal was good but not great. Perhaps I overhyped it in anticipation, or maybe I just need to go back for more dishes. I'm certainly open to a revisit!

We started with Thai teas and their legendary Crispy Garlic Shrimp. I enjoyed these and would totally have it as an entree, highly recommend this dish. We also shared the Tom Kha with chicken before our entrees, and it was very creamy, proper spice level, and very warming. The entrees are where the meal stands out though, and making choices was difficult. Ultimately chose the Crispy Duck Khao Soi and the Seabass with Papaya Salad, from the Chef Specialties section. I'm a big Khao Soi fan, and adding duck seemed like the ultimate dinner, but I was underwhelmed by the dish as it seemed to lack depth. The curry noodle soup was not the flavor explosion I was expecting and the duck was a bit on the dry side, against expectations for a place of this caliber. The seabass, however, was well prepared and surprisingly good. By now we were stuffed but still ordered the Mango Sticky Rice dessert, a classic. 

All in all, we had a great meal here and I recommend this spot for a date night. Foodies in particular will be impressed if you surprise them with a reservation here. Check menu prices before you go so you don't get sticker shock- dinner for two was just under $150. Sticking to classic dishes (pad thai, pad see ew, etc) will probably give you a more reasonable price but the specialty dishes are what you go here for in the first place."
"Originally saw a Groupon that brought this place to my attention, went by today for a morning treat. I love juicing so I figured I'd try one of their options: went with the 24oz Super Veggie(?) juice, which was just over $7. Size was okay, quality and taste were okay. Service was minimal- I probably got a grand total of ten words out of the guy who helped me.

What knocked stars off of this review were the ""fall pumpkin special"" signs everywhere- it's now nearly March, arguably almost spring. Take down the outdated specials posters. If you can't handle seasonal posters, how can I trust that your food stock is maintained?

Secondly, pricing. I'm used to paying $7-8 for a juice at specialty juiceries such as Pressed. Jamba Juice, Berry Blendz, etc chains do not have the same quality to justify trying to charge the same prices, nor do they have information readily available regarding the nutrition in their drinks or staff who are knowledgeable about that portion of the menu. Stick to the smoothies you know best, and knock a dollar or two off your juice prices- they're not worth it here."
"The former Hooligan's dive bar with stuffed burgers has finally been replaced by a new business- Thai Seafood Ginger, straightforward Thai seafood specialties despite the backwards-sounding name. Hopefully they will be able to overcome their hidden location and stick around longer than their predecessors. 

We were brought out an appetizer sampler on the house, for the kitchen to test out new dishes. The rangoon, squid salad, seafood salad, and pickled veggies were all fresh and well-made. We started with the tom kha soup (sub tofu for the usual protein), and I had the Drunken Noodle entree (also with tofu) while my guy had their Spicy Garlic Shrimp- the seafood dish was definitely the best of what we ordered, which is in line with their business name. Pricing initially seemed a touch high but was justified by large portions.

The soup had a great broth, and was heartier than usual with added carrots and other veggies. The noodle dish was decent, but modifications to add mushroom and sub tofu to accommodate my (part time) vegan diet were met with a dish that had egg (despite it not being listed in the description), no requested mushroom, and a ton of fried tofu... that was soggy rather than crispy. My guy really enjoyed his shrimp dish and the spicy garlic sauce I tried was robust and flavorful. The seafood was definitely their strongest dish.

Service was friendly and the interior has undergone a complete transformation since it's days as a dive bar- the bright modern interior has a red and black theme and a huge bar area. They're close enough to home to be my go-to Thai takeout option, so I may revisit for lunch, or perhaps to try some of their Korean dishes."
"Supplement shops are a dime a dozen in Vegas. TN crossed my radar when I sampled their Cinnamon Roll protein at a fitness event- think Horchata, but with nutritional value. I was an easy sale, and the $10 off referral card was a nice bonus. 

GENERAL CRITICISMS: Selection here is small and their main protein line (including the product I came in for) is only offered in 5 pound tubs, which is a lot both in portion size and price. Their ""regular"" price is like $80, and their ""VIP"" pricing is closer to $60. You don't get the discounted VIP pricing til your second purchase once you are in their system. If I ever even finish 5 pounds of protein without getting bored of the flavor, maybe that will be something to look forward to, but it's a turnoff for first time customers. 

MY EXPERIENCE: I called ahead about the product I wanted, arrived 10 minutes later and was told the last tub was just sold to the customer before me. Employee apologized and helpfully arranged for one be brought over from another location for pickup the next day, and would honor the VIP pricing and discount. Ultimately, that did happen, but it took four days and me initiating all contact because no one ever called me as they'd said. Staff were polite, just lacked follow through. Bonus points for free samples with purchase."
"Mixed feelings about this hole in the wall, for sure. The dining room and service are nice, and the buffet has a pretty good selection, but if you're getting takeout, be forewarned.

For takeout, I'd give this spot between 2-3 stars. Portions are small for the price and protein is minimal. Our $16 goat curry had a scant amount of meat and I found only four small chunks of cheese in my saag paneer. But the tandoori wings are amazing, with grilled peppers and onions, with lemon. But to spend just under $50 with tip for takeout for two? It's not great.

The buffet is their best deal. Good selection, variety of vegetarian options as well as multiple meat (lamb, goat, chicken) options. Service is attentive and friendly. Naan is included. There's even a small bar area and they appear to have beer and wine. I'm pretty sure you can rent this spot out for special events.

Averaging my experiences together, I can't rave but it's kind of a gem for this neighborhood. Snag a Groupon while they're still up and you can save a bit on dine-in (not valid for buffets) or takeout (minimal discount)."
"An old-school taco truck, packed with FIVE employees cooking up food for the crowds- no exaggeration. I found this spot not because the truck itself is brightly lit or anything, but because the whole parking lot is full of parked cars and trucks with families chowing down. 

We ordered five different tacos and a quesadilla. Pricing is good, ~$2/taco and $6 quesadilla. I appreciated that the portions were generous and the meats were not greasy. However, the meats tasted very similar- the al pastor and lengua were our favorite, everything else tasted more or less the same. Quesadilla had tons of cheese. Salsas are either very spicy (especially the verde) or not spicy at all (the creamy avocado sauce).

This location is clearly very popular, but perhaps we just didn't order the best dishes. Note that there is also a hotdog cart in this parking lot. If you don't care for the tacos here, there are three more taco restaurants (also open late) in the next block."
"Decent pizza for a mall food court. Portion is large, sauce isn't bad, crust isn't too hard, and I didn't run into the service issues other people mention. But the cheese had a flat one-note taste to it that didn't even seem like a blend, and the (canned) mushrooms were slimy. It's about what you expect- average."
"Came here to try out the much-hyped Carbonara ramen. Why go to a fusion ramen place if you don't try the fusion dishes, right?

Interior is surprisingly modern, despite the more traditional exterior. Service was polite- we sat in the right-hand side with red and white decor, there was a couple in the more intimate left-hand side, not sure what the difference is to get seated there.

Started with the Hiromaru buns as an appetizer- quite nice, with doughy buns and plentiful portions of pork and special sauce. I quite liked the almost barbecue-like sauce that the pork was cooked in.

Carbonara ramen for myself, black garlic for my guy.
I was pleasantly surprised by my dish- was a little apprehensive, thinking the broth would be thicker and create a texture I did not like (not a fan of alfredo sauces) but somehow it worked, being milky and flavorful without being too decadent or overly rich (though it was). Did not specify thick noodles as I initially would have preferred, but received thin and appreciated the similarity to spaghetti carbonara, added to the fusion feel of the dish overall. The bacon and fresh-ground pepper really made this dish, adding just a bit of bite to the flavor and a meaty savory element that balanced out the milky broth. And I'm not even a bacon fan! 
My guy favored his garlic ramen- I took a few bites and it wasn't really for me, flavors were bold but seemed a little off. He has had less ramen but proclaimed that it was his favorite bowl so far, which is impressive. Egg was a bit overcooked, but overall the dish was tasty but just slightly off and almost felt incomplete, like something was missing.

I will say that, despite the giant bowls and the rich broths, the ramen did not feel like an overwhelmingly heavy dinner- perhaps it has to do with the choice for thin noodles? A big bowl of ramen is good comfort food to me, but I liked not feeling the sloshing-belly-full-of-dinner feeling afterward. Would come back to try the other milk-broth ramen with ham."
"The concretes are your best bet. Take a friend or a date so you can share, because no one has any business eating the whole thing (an entire pint!) alone. The cherry almond flavor is good but the turtle is even better.

Or, go classic with a custard cone. This seems to be what most kids get, but I found it a bit on the plain side. They also have seasonal flavors like pumpkin, peppermint, etc. Either way, get your sugar on and then explore the old-timey antiques and decor!"
"Even though it's clear across town for me and has a limited menu with higher prices than I'd typically pay for a beverage, I can't seem to stop stopping by Matcha House- specifically for the Imperial Matcha, with 50% sweetness and light ice. The robust tea flavor and light, complementary sweetness really hits the spot for me, but heads up that it's about $7.

The cheese mousse, intended to impart a creamy texture, is cool but dilutes the flavors I prefer. Perhaps it pairs better with a different tea. I've sampled the osmanthus oolong (refreshing!) and house black milk tea (creamy!) but still stick to the order above, have never tried their boba and their drinks honestly don't need additions.

I initially avoided the desserts, seeing small servings for the price. A friend ordered the Very Berry Honey Bread with green tea and vanilla ice cream and it was a sugar rush for sure but still shareable despite not upgrading to the full toast size. Signage indicates they'll be adding matcha desserts soon, which may be worth the splurge if they have unique items like mini cheesecakes, cream puffs, or (can a girl dream?) soft serve. 

Bonus points for offering late hours, free wifi, a variety of seating arrangements, and table games for those who come to socialize or study!"
"Familiar with this chain from Austin- carefully curated thrift store finds, mix of modern, on-trend, and vintage pieces for an eclectic feel. Initially felt pricing was lower here than other locations, but range is about the same: dresses and shoes $10-30, just depending on brand and condition.

Found a few discrepancies in pricing. Not sure if they have a system in place or if staff just eyeballs it and marks whatever price they feel, because there wasn't any consistency.

Men's selection is surprisingly large. Women's jewelry is separate from the women's section AND the accessories section: everything is up at the counter. 

Service from Amanda was surprisingly friendly and personable. Signage indicates that they are relocating to the downtown arts district (closer to me!) in the fall, but an exact address is not yet available."
"Lisa H especially turned me on to this place: I finally made it by myself and as soon as I stepped in the door, I wished I had more time to spend here. 

Coffees, teas, smoothies, and juices coexist peacefully together on the menu, and the dining room has shelves of books, newspapers, and games, just in case you don't have a device to take advantage of their free wifi. Basically, it's your best friend's living room, if your friend knew how to make a million drinks and had a pastry case handy.  
In short, this place has everything you could need to spend hours in a coffee shop with friends or solo. The staff are so friendly here, they'll probably end up your friends within a visit or two.

The Grouchy John is their namesake coffee drink for a strong and delicious reason, but if it's too late in the day for caffeine just ask for their Shirley Temple of Doom- a blended matcha green tea drink with maraschino cherries. Part dessert, part smoothie, all uniquely tasty."
"Hella long wait time for a to-go order: I was literally waiting 25 minutes. For a walk-up-and-order establishment,this isn't acceptable- either speed up or offer table service.

Chicken kabob platter came with two skewers, rice or fries, a side salad, and a side: opted for the dolmas. Everything tasted good, including the new cilantro sauce that I was encouraged to try at the register. Dolmas were served warm, the way I like them. Creamy house dressing on the salad is delish.

Suggestions for management: rice is in a cooker, salads and sides should be assembled and ready to go so that only the chicken needs to be made to order. Even from a raw state, this shouldn't be a 25 minute meal. Especially considering you have two guys in the kitchen."
"It's a record-setting number of Santas running through downtown Las Vegas to support a local charity, what's not to love?! It's pretty unorganized for an event in it's 11th year and if you go planning to actually run (as opposed to walking), you might be frustrated...

So get up early, go for a real run at the gym, then come down to the Santa run to suit up, chill out, have fun, and try to set a world record. Come early, because there's limited parking and plenty of street closures, and you'll need to exchange your Santa suit at the last minute because they gave you one that's about three sizes too big and the pants keep falling off.

Atmosphere is festive, music is loud, and there are plenty of musical entertainers and celebrity guests. Fuel up with free coffee, warm up with some zumba, and get yourself across that finish line- after that, free breakfast items aplenty and all of Fremont Street is yours to explore!"
"Friendly staff, simple menu, plain interior. Ranked in order of impact on the rating. I've seen this place on Groupon, but had trouble locating them from the street as they are  behind the Landry's and signage simply says ""coffee shop"" rather than the store name.

Was welcomed by multiple staff when I entered, menu is small and consists of hot and cold coffees, a few sandwiches, and Thrifty ice cream- a brand multiple small cafes have started selling, which I totally don't understand.

Iced vanilla latte was simple enough, and not overly sweet. Price was on par with anywhere else.

If you're really in need of a caffeine fix, they offer the Godzilla: 6 shots of espresso in a 32 ounce cup. Watch out!"
"Wine AND Running?! It's like this event was made for me!
It all sounds good in theory- vineyard setting, wine at the finish line, keepsake glasses that you'll actually use instead of finisher's medals you'll stash away. To say I was excited  was an understatement.

But as the day grew closer, I kept getting pesky emails about additional fees: day-of packet pickup would be $5, on-site parking would be $15, you have to pay $20 for the 1K ""wine walk"" to actually get any wine samples, and any friends or family members joining you will be charged a $10 ""spectator fee""... I grew more and more annoyed as the fees and add-ons started to stack up. This was already a pricey run ($50 and up), why weren't these charges included?!

Event was not as advertised in any way aside from there being a 5 kilometer route at the stated address. A rocky lot by Lake Las Vegas is NOT ""a beautiful vineyard setting"" ... The trail was littered with rocks ranging from golf ball-sized to bowling ball-sized, and the last thing we were told upon starting was to watch our step so we didn't roll an ankle. It was nearly impossible to pace any higher than a jog due to the dangerous terrain (my primary issue), and (a smaller but still relevant point) there were no wine glasses. 

TLDR: Deceptive advertising with poor and unprofessional event execution and a dangerous race route."
"This is not the place to get rolls. Discovered that the hard way, despite reading so many reviews here that focused on the fresh nigiri and sashimi. I'll have to come back for the positive experience.

Ordered take out using their website menu: seaweed salad, cherry blossom roll, paradise roll. Didn't see many rolls with salmon, and many contained tempura. Made my selection difficult, but they get a lot of reviews praising their rolls, so I figured I was safe.

Inside of restaurant is kind of divey with a large bar, which I like. Service was polite and friendly from the ladies at the counter. Three sushi chefs were present and busy when I was picking up.

Got home to the messy cherry blossom roll. Confession: I love sushi, but I've never had a round roll like this. Verdict: not my thing. Too reminiscent of crab salad and avocado from a country club or buffet, little to no similarity to sushi. Wish this had been noted more clearly on the menu. Or at all.
t was the Paradise roll, which sounded adventurous. In my haste to find a roll with salmon, I guess I didn't pay enough attention to the fact that there was tempura shrimp AND (way too much) cream cheese AND (sweet) coconut in this roll. Verdict: again, not my thing. Very sweet and creamy roll, bearing little to no similarity to sushi. The sweetness and the cheese covered up any fish taste.
Seaweed salad was flavored appropriately but dismally small: whoever packed my order accidentally put the salad in the lid rather than the bottom of the container, and space was limited.

Disappointed to have a negative experience at a place so many friends and Elites love and have reviewed favorably.  Overall, the rolls themselves are TOO Americanized, to the point that proportions of flavors are off and they're no longer sushi. I'll have to revisit and order exclusively off the fresh sashimi and nigiri specials next time for a separate review."
"I bookmarked this place months ago, drive by frequently- rolling down my windows and sucking in big lungfuls of their tasty barbecue chicken smell as I pass. I finally caved and got the $20 for $10 Yelp deal and redeemed it today for lunch with the BF.

After extensively checking reviews here and browsing their online menu, I settled on the 1/4 rack rib combo with leg+thigh for my guy, with a side of saffron rice, and a chicken mozzarella wrap for myself with the mac and cheese. Opted for a taste of home with a Dr. Pepper for our drink, and hit up the salsa bar for a cucumber-based pico de gallo, an orange-looking ""salsa verde"", and a crave-inducing garlic ranch sauce.

Service was quick and friendly, and despite a lackluster exterior, the interior of the place is clean and organized with windowed views to the kitchen where you can watch the guys cutting up the hot grilled meats as you wait for your food. Plenty of booths, and I was downright surprised to see tables of families with eerily silent kids- kids entirely focused on devouring their food. That's downright unusual, and I knew I was in for something special.

The ribs we ordered saucy, at the cashier's suggestion, despite his mention that the dry-rub style sell better. I love a good sauce, and theirs was spot on! Not to spicy, not too sweet, but good balance and robust flavor that complemented the char of the chicken as well as the meaty ribs. BF and I picked off of one another's plates but the obvious was that I should have gone for a second meat plate rather than a wrap.

The mozzarella wrap was large and tasty, and served as an excellent vehicle for that amazing garlic ranch sauce they have, but the taste of the cold chicken was more subdued and the grill-fresh char flavor was rendered almost absent. It's a good healthy-ish option though, but I might opt for a salad instead next time.

As for the sides? The saffron rice was moist and flavorful, and the mac was solid- not dry, not overly cheesy and saucy, but a good version worth having on the menu that doesn't feel too heavy or contrast too sharply with the other major menu offerings. 

Attentive and helpful service, damn good chicken and ribs, AND a Yelp deal to offset the price? Done. 

Final notes: Use your Yelp app to check in, and get 30% off (not not in combination with the Yelp deal) or sign up for their mailing list online and get coupons and specials to your inbox on a regular basis."
"Not a huge fan of this chain (AKA Safeway in CA) for grocery shopping, but they're awesome for lunch- either picking up a variety of things to take to work or stopping in for a meal. Many options, fresh and flavorful.

When you first walk in, there's an awkward food-court-style Panda Express. Ignore it.
There's a soup bar with delicious options- the tomato basil and potato are flavors I like, and their clam chowder is surprisingly legit, too.
There's a sandwich counter making quality subs, none of that Subway shit here! And also a fried chicken counter with sides and other options like corndogs and sometimes pizza.

If you want healthier options, head to the produce section. The refrigerated case has tons of salad bowl options, with and without protein. My favorites include the crab louie and the southwest. Calories are reasonable but each comes with a full size dressing packet that is way too much for the portion of salad. 

The bakery has a lot of fresh and higher-end dessert options, especially compared to other grocery stores- pick up something to end your meal on a sweet note."
"I've heard lots of praise for Pho Annie, and popped in to catch up with a friend over lunch. Location is nicely decorated and staff were really attentive during our visit. Unfortunately, food was pretty hit or miss for us.

Dishes weren't coursed, and Neli got her #16 Pho pretty quick, only to be followed by our fresh shrimp spring rolls (which were the best item we tried). Several minutes later, my Yellow Noodle Duck Soup (a featured special) arrived at the table. Both soups were hot, and I really liked the broth, but neither of us finished our meats- the duck was a generous portion but not particularly flavorful and somewhat tough and dry. There was a huge amount of noodles, though, making the portion even larger than expected. 

Total bill for two was around $30, not bad pricing. I'd consider coming back for the rolls and maybe a rice bowl or another appetizer, but the soups just didn't live up to the hype for us."
"Late night bites in the form of Japanese tapas! Ichiza reminds me of a place I frequented in the Bay area, complete with hand-written specials papering the walls. Skimmed a few reviews before ordering, will com back to try more.

BEST: 
Baby bok choy in garlic soup. The soup makes this dish, broth tastes like black garlic ramen and the fact that it's a veggie dish in a sea of fried options is also a plus. Not to mention it's a mere $4. Favorite dish of the night.
Salmon sashimi comes 5 pieces to an order, good cut, thick and fatty. May come again to try other sushi options.

OKAY:  
Grilled ika. Had a tiny bit of a sauce, seemed a little overcooked and tough, but this is a dish I normally love. There's a place in Henderson that does it better.
Shabu Shabu Salad. Flavors are springtime fresh with fresh produce, chicken, eggplant?, and a light dressing. Good fresh option on the menu.

SKIPPABLE:
Takoyaki. Overly breaded. Woudn't get again. Seemed undercooked.

Service was polite, quick, and attentive. Sit at the bar to watch what goes on in the open kitchen, or sit at one of the old-school tables toward the back."
"Zero Degrees has opened up in Vegas right before we hit our sizzling summer season- perfect timing! I came in for their soft opening and then again during grand opening weekend BOGO specials. They've been promoting their opening all over social media so it has been predictably busy.

DRINKS:
The Spicy Watermelon is my favorite so far, less sweet than their much-hyped Mangonada, both available with add-on mango twist and tamarind straw. They also do milk teas (like sea salt green tea) and fusion drinks (like their strawberry horchata) in a few different variations, with regular boba and crystal boba available as add-ons. I also really liked their Ube Shake, which isn't especially sweet but still definitely a dessert and decorated to look like a unicorn with a toasted marshmallow and candy belt. Their major marketing hack is that their drinks are so photogenic, they barely have to promote themselves because social media does it for 'em. I was pleased to find the drinks were tasty as well!

FOOD: 
Like most tea shops, there are a few snacks on the menu here, from the classic popcorn chicken and fries to a few different dishes of elote and chicharrones. The chicken was better quality than what I'm used to at this sort of spot (opt for the bbq flavor). I also tried the hot Cheetos elote, and despite not being much of a fan of hot Cheetos, this crispy, flavor-packed version was addictive and I ate way more than I planned. 

There's a special place in hell reserved for those leaving a new business 1-star reviews for typical opening kinks. Service was polite but given that they were busy for opening weekend (expected), orders were a bit slow to come out but wait times were not unreasonable. Things will likely get quicker as the staff get more familiar and the hype dies down a bit. I'll be back to get my sip on this summer!"
"When you're located in the same block as Weera Thai, you're going to have a hard time if your kitchen isn't up to par- the dining room is nice and going for a more upscale vibe, but they have cheap ($7) weekday lunch specials. But unfortunately the food just wasn't up to par for me.

FISH CAKES APP: 5/$10 Small, oily, and a bit bland. I enjoyed the cucumber dipping sauce but this didn't pop needed a hit of acidity or something.
PAPAYA SALAD: BF requested this and devoured the entire portion. Sauce was slightly spicy, did not like the half-frozen green beans used though.
CRAB FRIED RICE: This was listed on the board as a daily special. Portion was large enough, and I like that the extra bit of attention and effort were put into presentation even though this was a takeout order. However, I asked for a spice level of 5 (on their 1-10 scale) and this had no spice whatsoever. I ended up dumping two cups of chili paste and some red pepper flakes into the dish to give it some heat. It's a huge pet peeve of mine to be asked for a spice level and then not even take it into account when cooking the dish. It was even on the receipt so I'm not sure who dropped the ball.

Located in a blink-and-you'll-miss-it spot on Sahara next door to a leather goods shop, it's not necessarily a place I'll return- the food was fine, but didn't have anything about it to stand out from the sea of other thai places on the block."
"PROS: 
+ Northsiders have long been awaiting their own LVAC, and this location is super clean with all new equipment. 
+ Layout is similar to other locations, so it's easy to find what you need.
+ Indoor squash/racquetball/whatever-you-play-with-a-racket space! 
+ The women's locker room has the bathroom stalls in the back on the way to the showers, completely separate from the changing area and lockers.
+ The water fountains have motion-activated bottle filling stations! Please bring this to ALL LVAC locations!
 
CONS:
- Women's gym seems to be an afterthought. Cardio equipment has built in screens, but none of them work. This is a simple fix. In the mean time, the wall-mount screens don't even have captions on. Also, there is very poor air circulation in this area. Why have this area if you're going to make it completely unappealing?
- Parking lot was full and the gym seemed decently busy, but their class schedule is pretty dismal with limited offerings and time slots.
- I have mixed feelings about having a Yogurtland inside of a gym. Like I need any temptation to eat back the calories I burned. Froyo is only minimally healthier than ice cream, and that's only if you eat it plain. I'm not sure this is aligned with the interests of LVAC's core members."
"I've never had Filipino food, and once we walked in to the basic menu and tons of unlabeled food on display, BF confessed it had been years and he had no idea what to order. Which of course just means that we ordered nearly everything: two of their two-meat plates with rice, and a bunch of other added-on take out containers of sauces and stews, plus this and that from their appetizers and desserts section, and we were out the door with a gigantic bag of food for  $25.

 I have only a vague idea of what each item was, but it was ALL delicious! The pork adobo and a beef stew dish were probably my favorites, the crispy pata was too indulgent for me, the lumpia were downright sinful and had surprisingly little grease, the grilled skewers of chicken and beef were both very flavorful and not overly charred or burned, and the fried intestines were super salty for my tastes- but BF loved everything that I had the slightest hesitation about.
There was a vegetable and shrimp crispy pancake thing that was just alright to me, but BF raved about, and I felt that way about the dessert we had- a skewer of round balls that looked like donut holes, had a chewy center, and a slight maple-syrup-like aftertaste.

Not only did we pig out, but there were lots of leftovers. Knowing what we like here now will likely make future trips much cheaper- two 2-meat plates with rice for under $11 is amazing pricing for the portions given here."
"This is a pretty sweet park with something for everyone: ~10 tennis courts, a baseball diamond, a soccer field, a small playground, and even a water feature/splash pad for the hot summer months! The only part that appeals to me, though, is the trail that rings the park- take a few laps around for a good cardio workout, it even includes a large set of stairs by the baseball diamond! 

I'm bummed that this spot is far across town from me, but it's great for the surrounding community. No clue if the tennis courts are by reservation or first-come-first-served, but they're in great condition with bright lights for evening practice. The soccer/baseball areas seem to be in use by local kids teams, so don't count on being able to use them.

BONUS: Great views at sunset, lots of parking!"
"I was pleasantly surprised by my first JetBlue experience! Largely marketed as a discount airline option, I have not found their prices to be competitive. They only provide service to certain larger cities, which isn't always convenient. 

However. They have tons of leg room if you're traveling with someone large or tall, they offer free name-brand snacks on board (as many as you want!), and they have built-in screens with DirecTV and SiriusXM. 

Service was polite and friendly throughout out several connecting flights. We had limited service for the TV/radio options due to our flightpath and one of our flights was delayed- as we were boarding, staff announced that the paid movie options would be free for the flight to compensate. Love that!"
"I've quickly grown fond of this little place!  They offer a variety of bento boxes and combo plates that are perfect for someone like me, who likes to try a little bit of this and that throughout their meal. They also have a small sushi menu and some salads, perfect for grubbing after the gym.

The chicken katsu and kalbi plates are a hit with both me and my guy- portions are generous, and I like subbing their mac salad for the rice since it's not as creamy as other spots and has a nice peppery flavor to it. The bento boxes are my favorite to grab and go, making a small feast for only about $10. 

Service is polite and food comes out fast. They have the door bell style buttons to summon the waitstaff to your table, which I don't typically like, but they're usually attentive enough that I don't have to use it. Location is small but clean and nicely decorated, they usually get pretty busy for lunch!"
"I was ecstatic to hear that Cincinnati ice cream chain Graeters had quietly come to Vegas- their first location west of the Mississippi. It was a childhood staple for me, there's nothing quite like their black raspberry chocolate chip flavor! And a scoop really hit the spot... kind of. I predict they're going to have a rough go of it until a few changes are made.

For starters, it's in the Forum Food Court and their counter is chest-high, so you can't see any of the ice cream flavors. How odd is that? Second, the pricing. I know, we're on the Strip and at Caesars no less. But $6 for a single scoop of ice cream? And it's not even a whole scoop, my cup was less than a third full. At least get smaller cups so it's not as blatantly obvious how badly your customers are being ripped off.

I was happy to hear these guys had made it out here, but I don't know how long I see them lasting with this particular layout and pricing structure. During a Saturday afternoon lunch rush,, they were the only counter at this food court that had NO line. I was one of two people making purchases during my half hour in the area. For now I'll stick to Handels."
"Another local grocery chain, kind of like a Vegas version of Trader Joes- but without their own product line, as far as I can tell. They do have a food court, which was a plus.

Prices are all over the place with some good deals and some things that are overpriced, just like any major grocery store. Service seemed a bit more personable, but there wasn't much here that I couldn't get elsewhere- though this place carries more local and smaller brands, there wasn't enough to make it worth the trek across town.

Food court has gelato, pizza and dough, a nice salad bar, and a ton of bakery items. This is basically the HEB grocery chain from south Texas, just without it's own branded items."
"Like Nelson Q, I really wanted to love this place. But after reading so many positive reviews, I finally made it in for a meal- and was quite underwhelmed. Service was very friendly but the product was lackluster.

Opted for their signature sando, the Streetcar Poboy, served with a side of coleslaw and Cajun chips. The bread that Emily R praises as craveworthy did not even taste fresh, which really brought down my impression of the overall sandwich. Topped with shrimp, oysters, and catfish, it was a hearty portion and didn't have anything wrong with it, but it didn't live up to the praise. I felt that Gritz Cafe better executed a poboy and it's not even their main menu item.

Cajun chips served alongside my sandwich were bland, underseasoned, and seemed borderline stale. Service will keep this place on my radar to try their piroque and alligator on another visit, but I'm hoping I just caught them on an off night."
"The hipster-vintage antique store in BC- lots of music memorabilia, including one of Elton John's outfits with certification ($1,800 OBO!) and a large selection of vintage clothing and records in good condition.

Staff is friendly and helpful, selection of women's clothing is diverse but true to the vintage theme- everything from a 1950s nurse uniform to beaded hippie dresses and 80s leather clubwear ensembles. Pricing is a bit high, but quality is too."
"I swear, this spot has been two or three different froyo businesses over the past couple of years. This one doesn't really vary from the norm: about 10 flavors, a bar of toppings, a polite but bored teenager working.

The peanut butter and toasted marshmallow froyo flavors were decent. Nuts are in small open-air bowls with spoons by the register, possibly an allergy risk? Found it odd that whip cream was in a compartment in the condiment bar rather than in a can. Just not used to seeing that.

Cheap stop for a sweet treat. Customer service was pretty nonexistent. Second time I've been here and been the only customer for my entire visit. Decor is very child-friendly. I like the colorful spoon options at checkout, and they do have a loyalty card program."
"This is a great community park- provided you live in the surrounding community, and are a child under age 8 or so. The park is adjacent to a fire station and is beautifully lush and green, with nice landscaping. There's a small climbing structure to make this functionally more of a playground than anything else. I appreciate that there's a cross walk directly across the street and dog bag stations to encourage you to pick up after your pooch.

But there's no covered seating or any tables. There's also no parking, and if you try to street park you'll be obstructing the bike lane. It's basically useful for walking over your child and/or dog for a few minutes of entertainment, but that's about all that such a small space can offer."
"Quality Food = Quality Life! That's the motto at Flame Broiler, offering up simple, healthy bowls and plates with protein, rice, and veggies. While the fare is light on flavor, it's heavy on the nutrition and the location is smartly placed down the street from LVAC. 

Chicken-veggie bowl with brown rice (no surcharge!) is an ample portion for a low price ($7), kick it up with Magic Sauce (teriyaki) or Hot Sauce from the self-serve condiment station. The protein portion is larger than expected, making up about half of the bowl itself- they don't overdo the filler here!

Service is friendly, location is clean. There is limited parking out front (usually taken by customers for the adjacent Starbucks), but there's an additional lot to the right. Some out door dining tables available.

NOTE: The hours are a bit odd, they close at 7PM on weekdays, which is absurdly early IMO. Check times before you go."
"Morels was a great choice for Restaurant Week last year, so when a friend suggested it for a group birthday brunch, I rearranged plans to be sure to attend! Brunch menu is massive, with griddle, egg, and more lunch/entree options, as well as featured specials, where we found some of the best dishes.

The gratis beignet starter course was appreciated but not particularly enjoyed, I'd save my calories for a cappuccino. By far the favorite dish at the table was the imported mushroom souffle, which had a great rise and a rich Gruyere flavor in addition to the morels themselves. The Banana & Mascarpone-stuffed French Toast and Bananas Foster Pancakes were hits with those who favor sweeter breakfasts, but I tend to go more savory. 

The classic BLT sando with added avo is served with a mountain of fries. The bacon portion is huge and perfectly crisp, but the pesto-mayo was a bit too subtle for my liking. I recommend getting extra on the side to dip your fries, too. The sandwiches in general are huge, and the French Dip another in our group got was massive.

 If your entree is not enough food for you, adding on the French Onion soup is always a safe bet. If you're sharing, I suggest the ""Almost Famous"" Mac and Cheese, which had a great sauce and was amply portioned even without adding protein.  As for the dessert course, we had some technical difficulties with the Baked Alaska, which I did not care for but was enjoyed by others in our group. 

Staff was fairly accommodating of our antics, and we had a great group table in the middle of the dining room, allowing for a view of the interesting selection of wall art featured here... to say the least. The souffle alone is worth braving the Strip on a Sunday morning, and as long as parking remains free at the Palazzo/Venetian property, I'll be suggesting this spot regularly."
"I did not find the prices ""delusional"", as the other review by JR states. I was happy to find this thrift store cleaner and more organized than most others in the city. I also found it noteworthy that they do not have junk here! Modest selection of clothing (including a high-end/designer section), some housewares and décor (including framed art), with a rather large kids selection. Service was polite, several items were like-new with tags or original packaging."
"Came here with a senior friend due to their low senior ticket rates: $5 a ticket, versus $8 elsewhere. Makes a good date night for the over-60 set, if you're in that category. You will have to hike through the Sam's Town casino floor to get here but you can hasten your trip by ordering tickets online via Fandango. Auditoriums and bathrooms were clean, picture and sound quality were good."
"Meh- so many Chinese takeout places in Vegas, this one isn't the best.

Lemon chicken has a hefty amount of meat (looked like three pieces pounded out, fried, and sliced) but the lemon sauce wasn't that great, didn't pack as much of a lemony punch as usual.
Won ton soup had a ton of meat also, but the won tons were falling apart. Soup was packed with meat, veggies, and soggy won ton wrappers.

Also ordered a milk tea boba. Not sure if it was overcooked or old, but boba was falling apart. Tea was fine, but ended up tossing the drink.

Good value for the prices, I guess? But quality is lacking."
"Morels is one of those Strip restaurants I've always been meaning to try. Finally made it by with a friend, Bethany E., for their Restaurant Week lunch menu. I stuck to the prefixe while she ordered off of the regular menu. 

CALAMARI APP: Crispy with a mix of rings and baby octopus, served wtih lemon and marinara. Nice start to the meal.
GREEK SALAD: Nice plating, lots of olives and minimal romaine, but it worked. Generous amount of feta, liked the dressing.
CROQUE MONSIEUR: Baked ham and cheese sandwich with mornay sauce. A classic, well-executed French lunch dish. The sauce makes this especially indulgent, but I appreciated that the bread didn't get soggy as with other versions. Served with frites.
STEAK FRITES: Large hangar steak, cooked to medium rare and extremely tender, could cut with a fork. Frites were salty and crispy, flavorful enough to render the ketchup unnecessary.
VANILLA CREME BRULEE: Large, shareable portion. Bethany E is off sugar and I'm not much of a dessert person, and we were both full, so we barely touched this but it was quite good. The fresh whipped cream was my favorite part, sugar crust was minimal.

Service was friendly, we were helped by a sweet older gentleman whose name I did not catch. Courses came out a bit slowly but company was good so we didn't mind at all, and they did ask if we were in a hurry. Good lunch with a good friend, would come back- there's a table you can reserve right next to the cheese counter that would be fun to sit at to watch the kitchen!"
"Small nondescript storefront- other than the exterior signage, no indication of what was inside this place. They would probably get more traffic if they added some sort of window display, but they seem to get most of their visitors from various presentations and screenings.

Storefront area is small, with a variety of books, art, DVDs, and action figures representing various TV and movie series- selection does not appear to be particularly curated or even specifically focused on science fiction. Merchandise available from The Walking Dead, Game of Thrones, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Dr. Who, and a random handful of zombie and horror movies."
"The only things this place has going for it is the location, open kitchen, and cute bandana-print table cloths. Oh, and they provide WetNaps at the condiment station.

-1 Basic, unappealing menu. Sides have been pared down, the mac and mashed potatoes others mention in reviews are nowhere to be found. Don't take away side choices, improve them!  Choices are now just baked beans (tasted canned), coleslaw (too much mayo), a bag of chips, or a baked potato. $2 each with the purchase of a sandwich, 2 included in the cost of most plates. No thanks. 
-1 So. Much. Grease. I know barbecue isn't health food, but my order shouldn't be sitting in a puddle of grease. I literally dropped my chopped brisket sandwich because the bun was so slick. Gross!
-1 The barbecue sauce pump is empty at 1PM. Now I know y'all ain't had so much business that it all got eaten in a few hours. This should be checked daily before you even open. 
-1 No flavor, aside from grease and sauce. The brisket had great fall-apart texture and (more than) enough fat, but if you tried a bite without sauce it was bland. 
-1 It's 105 degrees outside and the cashier makes no mention of beverages? At the very least, a cup of water should be standard.

The $9 sandwiches are a good portion size, but the price is irrelevant if the product isn't appealing enough to finish. Also, this is the first place I've ever been that doesn't offer sliced pickles and onions to garnish your brisket sandwich."
"I've been a fan of this place for years now, back when it was Charleston Auto. I stopped in recently for an oil change and check up before heading out of town and didn't even notice the name change. Same friendly Russian staff, same affordable pricing, same quick service. My car was back in working order under $50 and under half an hour. Call ahead if you're in a hurry or have specific questions, they've always been great about giving me honest and accurate info."
"Nearly 10 rave reviews so far and not a one of them mention that this spot exclusively uses chicken and pork?! No lamb or beef available for your gyro here, unfortunately. That said, their pita bread is incredible with a touch of wheaty flavor that makes it taste homemade, so their gyros are probably pretty legit.

Came in and got thrown off by the lack of red meat, so I opted for a chicken gyro salad instead- large portion, fresh product, and a bomb Greek vin dressing with plenty of feta cheese. Unfortunately, the chicken was on the dry side and chopped so small that it mostly fell to the bottom of my dish. Oddly, their menu seems to be half Greek and half pizza. Considering how good their bread was, I'd actually consider coming back to see how they do with the pies.

Walk up to the counter to order and then seat yourself. Dining room is plastered with vivid photo murals of Greece to daydream about a vacation while you wait for your food. Staff is friendly, offered samples of their rice pudding as I left. Would come back and try something else."
"Hadn't even heard of this place til I found a Groupon- and it's not a bad deal. They market themselves as wholesale sushi, and while that doesn't exactly conjure up the most positive impression, it isn't misleading either. Location is bare-bones, in the back of the Juan's Flaming Fajitas plaza, mostly takeout with one table to dine in. 

They have basic rolls (Philly, Cali), specialty rolls (rainbow, spider), and Premium rolls. Rolls are good-sized but fairly basic even for the specialty options, and our large order of 6 rolls was very hit or miss. The Kelly Crunch and the Alaskan (with jalapeno and asparagus) rolls were good but the spicy scallop roll was awful with a metallic aftertaste and the imaginative fried okra in the Cajun roll was hard and offputting. I like that they're trying to expand and offer different rolls, but some of them didn't really work. 

TIP: They have check in discounts (free basic roll with $25+ pickup), a Yelp deal ($20 for $25), Groupons, etc available for an even cheaper home sushi party experience."
"Apparently this is one of the few KMarts still open and operating.
But once you walk in the doors, you understand why there aren't many around.

For starters, there are few customers and few employees- kind of a ghost town. Only two registers open toward the end of my visit and both were very slow.

Lots of clearance tables in the back of the store, topped with random products and sale price tags- nothing was a particularly great deal.

Initially stopped in to get shorts for an upcoming theme park trip, and was kind of surprised by the lack of selection- could not find basic denim shorts. The celebrity lines by Niki Minaj, Adam Levine, and Sofia Vergara all appeared very trendy, relatively well-priced, made of cheap materials. Not entirely surprising. Frankly I'm just curious as to how they can afford so many celeb lines.

Finally found about 10 pairs of bermuda pants, luckily one pair was in my size. Took it to the fitting rooms, which had no staff present when I approached or when I left. Lord only knows what customers could get away with back there.

Unimpressed with my visit, prices were okay, staffing was low but store was clean and organized. On par with a less-trafficked Walmart."
"Hibachi is not one of those foods or meals I crave, it's always someone else's idea. Dinner and a show is a good go-to plan for special events like birthdays, which is how I made it into Ohjah's newest location. 

Order your meals based on your preferred protein, and then the soup, salad, rice, and veggies are included, along with dipping sauces. You can add on apps, sides, drinks, and more but the base meal is quite a bit of food on it's own. Dishes are coursed out and you get to enjoy watching the chef make your meal with fire, sound effects, and commentary. If you're especially lucky, you might get to catch a shrimp in your mouth as part of Sam's show. Start practicing now to avoid looking like an idiot.

My favorite protein here has been the scallops: they're HUGE, seared to perfection, and served juicy with garlic sauce. My meatatarian dining companion liked his NY Strip so much he barely gave me a bite, while the birthday girls loved their lobster tails. 

As is expected for this style of restaurant, your experience will vary based on which chef you are assigned to. I highly recommend Sam, who was engaging and friendly; another chef's actual cooking was a bit better (perfectly nailed med-rare!) but whose presence was less engaging."
"I'm a fan- PC manages to make meals that fit my macros (when I bother to stick to them) without sacrificing flavor or making me eat my fingernails. I especially love that I can pop by to grab some (discounted!) grab and go meals from the refrigerator for work, or I can dine-in and get fresh-made food with friends so I can still have a semblance of a social life when I'm eating on plan.

I've tried a variety of meals by now, both dine-in and takeout, but haven't used their meal prep delivery service. Favorite dishes include the oatmeal-crusted ""fried"" chicken tenders, the loaded sweet potato, and their cauliflower crust pizzas (sturdy with great texture, limited daily quantity). Other dishes were still solid but I would make small changes, like not using lunchmeat style turkey in the chopped salad or getting the steak bowl without the egg, things I could customize but didn't realize til I'd already purchased. Still undecided about the buffalo chicken bowl, which had an overwhelming amount of cauliflower.

Service is solid, location is always super clean, no issues with parking. Most meals come with the macros printed on the container with stickers but sometimes I've had a hard time getting the info when it's accidentally forgotten- putting this online would help. I wish they'd open up on the NW side, as this is a trek across town for me!"
"Unpopular opinion alert! I still don't understand the hype. Was disappointed by my experience at their previous location, but heard I ""just didn't order the right thing"". Took a group here and ordered several breakfast dishes at their new location. Maybe I overhyped it by mentioning that it was on Yelp's Top 100 list for 2014, but no one at the table was impressed by the food- though the service was consistently good.

The CHICKEN FRIED STEAK & EGGS was the best dish of our group- nicely breaded, good gravy, but could have used some salt. The Greek Omelet and Veggie omelets were both just okay, both were eaten with a hefty addition of hot sauce because they were bland. The hashbrowns and homefries were both nicely crispy, but had no seasoning of any sort. Pancakes did not get finished, very generic. Biscuits were done nicely, gravy was good... after adding a hefty shake of salt. 

I would like to note that I do not normally add salt to my food at restaurants, I don't like salt, but the food here was not seasoned properly, or rather- at all."
"Looked here when looking for an apartment, due in large part because a friend lives here. They're affordably priced (think under $700 for a 2 bedroom) but do yourself a favor and drive through the property at night. Don't be surprised if you can hear other residents fighting, or stomping above you if you're on the first floor.

The office is nice, the tennis courts are convenient, and the buildings themselves look okay, but the landscaping (or lack thereof) with the red dirt/sand looks like it's just one rain away from a messy disaster, and I really didn't like how each apartment door has a giant metal clip- I guess that's for notices and messages distributed by management? Looks tacky, and makes me wonder if eviction is high, because what else would you need to put up repeated notices for?

Two-bedroom floor plan isn't bad, and the carpet is surprisingly high quality. The weird lighted square in the hallway serves as a permanent night light, which is good for kids and late night trips to the bathroom, but could get annoying- also, I found the wall near the light to be a little hot, which freaked me out. Fire hazaard, anyone?

Another major reason we didn't rent here was the kitchens, which are not at all updated and very ...awkward, for lack of a better word. It doesn't even look like a kitchen- all cabinets are on the floor, sink is small, and there is nothing on the walls. Very unusual.

Went by again recently, and found that some buildings had little or no nearby parking that wasn't reserved, and several tenants have junk and ""stuff"" piled up by or near their front doors and on their porches- not a good look.

Not sure if this is good or bad, but there seem to either be frequent police patrols here or several residents who are officers- cars seem to be on property at least every other time we're here."
"I'm not addicted yet, but I might be on my way. Poke Addiction looks like they have what it takes to hang in a city packed with poke options, but they'll have to make a few improvements to get everyone on board. 

THINGS I LIKE:
+ This is the only place like it to offer significant vegan options. There are five or six options on the menu you can have as bowls or wraps, instead of doing the DIY route with all the veggies and then having to guess about the sauces. Major pro!
+ Nice topping selection, including shredded carrots and radishes, fresh herbs (cilantro!), pineapple, and ""lemon bites""!  Haven't seen this elsewhere. And I love their crispy garlic. They also have ice cream macaron sandwiches.

However... over time, there appear to be consistency issues. Protein portion varies, and the signature bowl options aren't the best. You're better off customizing, better value. Service is also hit or miss, with super friendly staff (like Kim) and others who barely say a word. And as others have said, some ingredients don't match the description- like red onions being described as ""sweet onions,"" for some reason. I'm hoping they stick around this location because it's convenient to my work and gym, but they have room to improve."
"The original source for Stumptown coffee in Vegas- located inside the Tuscany Resort, easiest to find when using the front entrance (it's in the right corner), located near the pool. Hot and cold coffees are available, but the cold brew and Midnight Brew (over ice) are the best choices. There's a limited pastry case and menu of fresh salads, flat bread pizzas, and sandwiches, with a refrigerator case of grab and go options. Service over several visits is not the best, frequently have to clarify and repeat basic orders and drinks have a tendency to be underfilled like an inch from the rim- annoying when a large is only 16oz to begin with."
"Mixed feelings about this place- selection is decent enough, DVD pricing is low enough to make this competitive with online ordering (especially since there's no shipping charge), but the service could be more attentive.

I like how the DVD selection is just straight alphabetized instead of pre-sorted by genre, making it easier to just stop in, look for what you want, and go rather than going to multiple sections to check. I'm not a video game fan but that area seemed to be overpriced."
"I only come to this location for cardio classes and equipment- didn't get a formal tour and may not be aware of all their amenities but the 4:15 Monday bodypump class is where it's at! Also, this is the only location I've found with cardio equipment with built-in screens, though there aren't too many of them.

Women's locker room and separate gym are both huge, cardio equipment is kept in working order- love the stickers on machines to be able to text the manager when something is broke so that it receives prompt attention!

Though I love the bodypump class, the room itself has some pros and cons: the instructor is on a raised stage and is recorded by a camera then projected onto a screen, to ensure those in the back can see the movements and follow along. Genuis! Also, the class takes place is neon lighting, which is fun and a bit more laid back than other classes.
However, it also makes you realize that you're in a weight lifting class that doesn't have any mirrors on the walls- which means you can't check your form. Bit of a large oversight for a professional gym, in my opinion.

I come here for the occasional class, but the overcrowded location and parking lot prevent me from coming here regularly."
"Not my first pick for a sandwich chain, but gotta give them props for their multitude of customization options: where else can you get grilled onions, sliced egg, and pesto on your sandwich without anyone batting an eye?

Downsides: the ordering process isn't clearly outlined on signage at the door, so there's a backup if there are more than 3 customers in the store who don't know what they're doing. This is all locations I've been to though, not this one specifically.

Appreciate that orders are written down to ensure accuracy, but the system still relies on employees filling the orders and they're prone to human error- like forgetting the sliced egg I paid extra for and randomly tossing on jalapenos, when the olive salad is already a bit spicy.

The caprese option on the menu is a welcome addition, but the cheese is of low quality and this location didn't have balsamic, so it didn't hit the spot.
Italian option is solid, as are their Philly sandwiches, but I usually customize something ridiculous- free premium topping with check in, word!"
"Great company, great people. Product selection includes shoes, clothes, accessories, and gels for runners, and a few Garmin mapping/HRM watches. Even though shoe selection is somewhat limited, brands are carefully selected and you get one-on-one attention when looking for footwear- they even have a treadmill set up with a video camera to analyze your gait and ensure you are looking at shoes that best meet your feet's needs. 

But this place is so much more than a store, they're a part of the fitness community. They allow running groups to use their store for packet pickup and advertise for upcoming runs all across the state. Staff are helpful, knowledgeable,and professional. Like I said: great company, great people."
"I love all the great new restaurants popping up in this part of town! Stopped in on opening day for a poboy and was pleasantly surprised by the modern-country interior. The colorful stick-on letters for the menu and signage felt a little cheap, wonder if they're still waiting on more permanent signage?

In any case, service was polite and suggested the shrimp poboy or their daily special (today's was turkey, ham, and brisket)- all sides are extra and sandwiches range from about $10-13. Large sandwich easily feeds two, and the meats tasted fresh-cut, but the bread was ridiculously dry and falling apart. 

Wish I'd opted for the classic shrimp or debris version, as the special lacked any sort of Cajun sauce or Louisiana pizazz. Next time I'll have to add on a side of gumbo or Cajun fries. Sides are a bit pricey and sandwiches are huge, not a great place to fly solo."
"If I could describe this place in two words, they would be overpriced and disorganized.

Came in to look for furniture, specifically end tables and decor. There was a clearance sign across the storefront and several signs beckoning us to park in the rear, so we did. Upon entering the store, we saw a few cool pieces- a wood table and chair that appeared to be made out of tree stumps, and several more modern options.

The main showroom seems to be mostly bedroom and living room furniture, heavy on the modern minimalist. And heavy on the prices. Like a ""50% off"" sign on a couch priced, post-sale, at over $500. Not what I'd call clearance, but okay.

Wandered to the back area, which is were the disorganization part comes in. Everything was haphazardly thrown together, chairs and tables and shelves of baskets and vases. At some points you couldn't get in to see items, or you'd find something great only to not find a price tag- I'm not a fan of haggling, so this was a turnoff.

The items that did have pricing though, were out of my range, and again, not what I'd call ""clearance"" under any circumstances: $70 for a set of three decorative baskets? Yeah no. I'm good.

Also worth mentioning, we were here wandering the entire store and spent a good 20 minutes rooting around and were never once approached or greeted by any of the store staff."
"The restaurant name should be changed to Great American Sandwiches, since that's the majority of their menu! Great selection of hot and cold options, with the option to add-on a side of fries, house-made chips, or coleslaw for just a buck! Good value, large portions for the low prices.

REUBEN: A surprise hit! Very tasty, thick bread, tasty Russian dressing and not too much slaw. A well-executed classic.
SAUSAGE & PEPPERS: Giant portion, a hoagie roll overflowing with peppers and onions, and two whole split sausages. Could not even come close to finishing this! I appreciated that it wasn't too saucy either, the bread didn't get soggy even when I had to take the other half to go.

Interior is clean but kind of plain. Location also has a drive-thru option. Service was quick but oddly quiet- no greeting when we entered, small talk when we ordered, or goodbye/thanks when e left and we were the only customers. Sandwiches were made fresh. Not a fan of the space-wasting drink refrigerators, this isn't a gas station. Location is a bit out of the way for me, but seems like a good lunch spot. I feel the 4.5+ average rating is a bit unwarranted though."
"Four stars for flavor, two stars for service, averaging to three but they have the potential to improve. 

CLASSIC CHEFFINIS: Grilled frank, onions, tomatoes, jalapeños, mozzarella, crushed potato chips, pineapple sauce, mustard, mayo and ketchup. $6 for a gigantic dog overflowing with toppings that didn't sound like they'd work, but somehow harmonized. Didn't expect to like the pineapple sauce, but I did.

MOSHI MOSHI: Grilled frank, caramelized onions, seaweed, jalapeño, wine sauce, spicy mayo. I love a good Japanese dog, this one was simple. Asked for it sans jalapenos and received a rather sad-looking dog with very few onions, but flavor was good. $7 price tag seems appropriate for the area and toppings.

Now for the service. Walked in to one person in line waiting for a drink refill. Through the kitchen window we could see the cook hard at work, but the cashier was nowhere to be found for a solid five minutes and the cook never acknowledged anyone waiting as the line grew to five more people.
Eventually the cashier popped up and started handling the customers, but she seemed overwhelmed and flustered, forgetting to box takeout orders and other minor oversights."
"I remember back in the day when Macaroni Grill was awesome. A step higher than Olive Garden with a surprisingly solid house wine. It was an easy go-to group dinner option. But when we popped in for a recent Sunday night visit, they were totally dead. Like two tables total kind of dead.  It was sad to see.

But once we got our food, it kind of made sense. The bread was fine but we didn't have much of it. The calamari appetizer was dripping in grease. Chicken Parmesan entree was burned and hard on the edges. When you don't even have a double-digit number of diners, it's hard to understand how a professional kitchen can be turning out food with basic execution issues. We've had better experiences with the location on N. Rainbow, and they usually look busy."
"Underwhelming, even with a Groupon.
For starters, this place is difficult to find- by the time you see the green sign, you've missed the entrance to the parking lot and need to pull a U-turn. And then the parking lot in front is a dead-end, so you end up having to pull back in then back out again to leave.

But if you're seeking this place out, it's for their product, not their parking lot.
Smoothies and wraps sound good to me, but even perusing their menu online showed me that their prices were a little ridiculous- wouldn't go back without a Groupon, that's for sure.

It's interesting to view their changing prices via the pictures here on Yelp- less than a year ago they were $2 less for a drink or a wrap. Produce prices haven't gone up so far to justify that, but whatever.

I ultimately got a 24oz Jungle Storm smoothie- their Groupon deals are available in $10 denominations, but when I asked what I could add to my order, they didn't really have an answer. I thought I'd grab a raw dessert from the refrigerated case, but when i realized it was $5 for a cinnamon ""bun"" that was about the size of a can-lid, I declined and did a coconut water instead.

Both drinks were served in plastic cups with plastic lids and a straw. The coconut water was literally poured out of a jug and into my cup. The smoothie was okay though- but nothing special.

I get the feeling this place is only in business because they are adjacent to a yoga studio, but even so I'm pretty sure the only reason their prices are so high is to turn a profit- they don't seem to get much other traffic.

As an additional note, there were five employees present. And none of them were smiling, happy, or friendly. 

On the bright side, despite the odd exterior, the inside of the restaurant is nicely decorated and has a giant, decorated tree in the middle- the tables and chairs are nice, appear carefully-selected, and there is a lot of room to dine in if you choose to do so."
"I'll come here for discounted shows, but that's about it.

For starters, this place is nearly impossible to find. There is only one exterior sign letting you know where the Quad is, and it's placed between two buildings and appears to be parking signage for deliveries- NOT guests. However, it does take you to their parking garage.

I don't know what casino this used to be, but when the Quad took over, the #1 thing they should have renovated was the parking garage- in addition to being tiny, it has several dead ends that are difficult if not impossible to get out of safely, particularly if there are large SUVS or trucks parked in that area. 

Assuming you finally make it inside (thanks in large part to directions provided by staff at the Flamingo and Harrah's, because I couldn't find anyone from The Quad), the sports book is pathetic- I've seen more and larger TV screens inside of a bar. 

Staff (when you can find them) are polite, but everyone seems to be in super-slow-motion, as if they don't have enough to do- yet there are clogged sinks and broken locks in the bathroom, and very few people to provide directions or assistance throughout the casino itself."
"Pomegranate chicken gyro + 1/2 order of Plato's Potatoes = A-OK
Chicken was very dry, and the main reason I got the gyro over the wrap was the addition of Feta- of which there was so little it didn't really matter.
Fries were seasoned well, and paired with a spicy yogurt sauce. Fries were tastier without the sauce, but it wasn't bad.

Order was takeout, and staff present was just okay- walked in and wasn't addressed for a while, was helped by the manager who eventually asked if I was ready while other employees ignored me. I seemed to be interrupting their closing duties and conversation, my bad.

The spanakopita and avgolemeno soup sound tasty, but I'll likely try another location.
I agree with Betty W's review calling their pricing ""ballsy'- $13 is a bit high for my meal, $4 to add on a veggie skewer is ri-donk."
"Hottie Hair Salon has a silly name but sweet and seriously talented stylists.
Called for an appointment on Monday, was called back within half an hour by Tayler (who I selected based on reviews here and visiting their website) and scheduled for this afternoon.

Salon is open, clean, and modern. Staff are positively interacting with their clients and one another, and the 90s hits playing set the perfect lighthearted tone. I appreciate that no one here is too uptight, and loved that they all had perfectly dyed and styled hair that reflected their different personalities- nothing makes me hesitate more than a hairstylist with bad hair.

To be fair, I came in looking like a train wreck- have had bad experiences with everyone but my original colorist in Texas and have put off getting my roots taken care of, so a good 3 inches of gnarly brown was ruining my once-shiny-now-brassy blonde hair. 
In under 2 hours, Tayler made my roots disappear, brightened and mellowed out my overall color, and made me love my reflection again! 

Tayler's price was super reasonable, she was mostly quiet and didn't push pedantic or fake conversation throughout my visit, and I'm very pleased with her quality of work. I'm so happy to have finally found a reliable new hair person!"
"Adding a photobooth to an event automatically doubles the cool factor. Plus you get a free memento in the form of a film strip! The guys at ShutterBooth are totally on top of things and were a hit at our recent event.

For their May special, we got two booths (one for couples with props, another with a backdrop for larger groups) for a solid three-hour event, unlimited photo strips and 30-day online photo gallery for $1400. If you do your research, you'll know that's competitive pricing.

The props spanned feather boas, giant sunglasses, and various hats, with print options for black and white, color, and sepia tones, but what made ShutterBooth stand out from other similar companies was their service- Tim and Alejandra were on time, set up promptly, and stayed upbeat, fun, and professional the entire evening... with 200 middle school-aged kids!"
"I never expected to enjoy a puppet show so much! Vegas has been plastered with ads for this new show on buses and on top of taxis and in every local publication, but I really didn't know what to expect. I'ts been compared to Avenue Q- and if you don't know what that is, it's basically an adult improv show using Jim Henson puppets. That description doesn't do it justice, though.

The troupe of puppeteers (4 men, 2 women) have a closet full of puppets to select and an entertaining emcee picks which performers go up and asks the audience for input for skit locations, themes, activities, and such. In that regard, each show is different based on audience input. Again, this does have an ""adult"" theme to it, so expect various sexual references and situations. 

The puppeteers are extremely skilled- adept at manipulating the puppets and making different personalities come to life with motion and voices, and simultaneously doing (good!) improv, which occasionally also involved singing. The show was fun and funny, and it was really cool to be able to see how the puppets were controlled. Thanks again to fellow Yelpers Rachel and Adrian for the invite and a fun night out!"
"First off, I was surprised to see so many hipsters here- don't they move on once us peasants have heard about a place? 

That being said, the patio out back is a gorgeous garden in the middle of downtown LV- totally unexpected, and pleasantly so. I highly prefer it over the front patio, which is chock-full of exhaust fumes.

I've mostly stuck to appetizers and drinks here- the Trophy Wife is my drink of choice while here, and the wings are old-school style but nothing really blew me away. As others have said, the mac and cheese philly is good in theory but not executed well.

Staff seem to be MIA most of my visits, which is fine up until a certain point- I like to be able to converse without servers pestering me or making me feel obligated to order a new drink every time mine dips below half-full, but it would be nice if they seemed to care about their patrons."
"Hot damn these are some good tacos, and I didn't even try the al pastor! This food truck is set up in a lot with a tent just outside a friend's neighborhood, and I probably wouldn't have even noticed it if she hadn't pointed it out and told me that their tacos are so good her family walks over for dinner at least once a week.

We grabbed a couple plates of tacos, sampling the lengua, suadero, and chicken. Surprisingly, the chicken was some of the best I've had- smoky, juicy, and flavorful, as opposed to the boring, dry meat usually served up out of a truck. The salsa bar is well stocked and adding sauces only pumps up the flavor on anything you order.

Staff were super friendly about helping us navigate the menu and making suggestions (hence the chicken order!), and they were packed with a constant line even at midnight. I'm looking forward to coming back and trying a burrito- if I can ever decide which meat I like most!"
"Sometimes I just need a French fries and frosty fix. But most of the time, this is a good chain to hit up for chili for lunch. Or their portabella melt, that was actually surprisingly delish.

But this location, man. I ordered one of their over-priced fancy entrée salads, and the portion was more of a side salad than an entrée but still set me back like $5. A little ridiculous considering they don't offer hardly any other ""healthy"" options on their menu.

Luckily I'd added on several dollar-menu options for the BF, so I wasn't totally screwed out of a meal. But this is pretty much cementing my decision to steer clear of fast food places- or to just resort to this place for the chili in emergency lunch situations."
"The Blue Man Group is iconic- for what, I'm not really sure, and didn't really realize, until my BF and his sister surprised me with tickets to the show and none of us knew what to expect.

So here's what you can expect: three men, in identical blue body paint and black clothes, who never, ever speak. They pantomime everything and never break character, acting out silly antics often accompanied by strobe lights and/or a very loud suspended rock band.

The show is family-friendly, without any crude humor or profanity, and includes a lot of audience participation. Several things get thrown into the crowd and several people are brought up to the stage from the audience. It's a fun time for all, though the younger ones will likely get the most enjoyment out of it.

Only complaints are that the strobe lights are very bright, right in your face, and overused to the point that they're frequently on when they're unnecessary. Maybe I'm getting old, but I had a slight headache from it by the time we left.

Great fourth-row right orchestra seats will set you back just a hair under $150 each, but more affordable seats are available and show is set up to use a screen to project some scenes more close-up for better viewing in further seats."
"Decent option for takeout sushi- a kind yelper uploaded the yellow menu in pics, allowing me to make my selections: the NY girl in Vegas and the American Dream rolls. Called in order, quick and painless. Order was ready when I went in about 15 minutes later.

Initially felt that the rolls looked to be on the small side, but the takeout box is deep and each piece is pretty dense, box itself was heavy. Two rolls was a good portion for one, and price was just over $20. Also had a humongous portion of wasabi and ginger, and ample packets of soy sauce, though I don't use any of that. What I did use was the tiny portion cups of eel sauce and spicy mayo- liked how that was packed separately so I could apply it myself, as many places tend to drown their rolls in far too much sauce.

American Dream roll was fresh with thick slices of salmon on top and lemon, and its a combination I love. Fish was fresh, rolls were tight, portion was large. NY Girl in Vegas roll was also good, topped with noticeably smaller pieces of eel compared to the other roll. Flavor was still good and fish was of good quality. The two rolls together complemented one another- fresh and light for the first, more earthy for the second."
"Writing this review from the cafe itself- loving the free and fast wifi, which will be excellent as I wait for my home internet to get turned on later this week. 

I'm not a huge coffee fan, but my skinny caramel vanilla latte gets made quick and hot and I love the huge selection of food here! Breakfast sandwiches and paninis, toast and jam, yogurts and parfaits, along with smoothies and pastries-- and that's just their breakfast options! Various subs, sandwiches, soups, salads, and even pastas are available for lunch and dinner. Heads up, the sandwiches are huge.

Services is friendly, wifi info is on menu board by register, and seating/dining area is spacious and well decorated-  I especially like the couches and leather chairs, and the potted fake cactuses in coffee beans on the tables! Very cute.

Will have to come back here and try foods, then update my review accordingly."
"If I'm shelling out $6 for a taco, it better blow my mind. The shrimp tacos here? Yup. Six bucks for a taco with enough shrimp to rival what's usually in a shrimp burrito elsewhere, plus fresh avocado slices and chipotle mayo. Get a couple of tacos and a side of guac, and go to town with their fresh chips- they provide red (hella spicy) and green (mild enough to drink) salsas, too, made fresh in house.

Your GPS may have a hard time finding this place, so perhaps go on a weekend when they're open later. Staff is friendly, checking in with you frequently and making conversation. Please move to the west side!!"
"Four stars for fresh and flavorful food and healthy marketing.
Two stars for lack of availability of nutritional information- from a widespread chain that should have this information readily available.

I'm on a health kick and have had this place bookmarked for a while. This location is close to my work, and I viewed their online menu to make my selections prior to going. I track calories and ran into extreme difficulty trying to get any info at all on this- none on their company website, a few dishes with info around the web, but all with unusually high numbers considering the dish descriptions.

Ultimately opted for the crab avocado melt sandwich combo with the cup of mushroom bisque- love how you can sample soups before ordering. Considering I got info that the particular sandwich was nearly 900 calories, I only ate half.
Appreciated the gesture of including a slice of bread and a chocolate-dipped strawberry dessert with my combo, which was well-priced at under $9 with tax and did not ask for a tip on the receipt.

Food was tasty, but sandwich was underwhelming considering the calories I was lead to believe I was ""paying"" for it. Soup was damn delicious though. Would go back for a soup and salad combo.

Seriously though- make your nutritional information available online and in stores (even if it's a brochure behind the counter by request!). Given the number of food allergies and the healthy image projected here, this should be expected."
"Not to be confused with the 2005 movie Shark Boy and Lava Girl, Lava Grill is a handy, healthy option when you're too lazy to meal prep but want to hit your macros and/or eat clean on a budget. Menu selections are beef, chicken, or salmon, on your choice of white or brown rice, with or without vegetables. The meats are actually cooked on lava rocks for a nice char, and it smells great in here.

But on my first visit, they were out of salmon and on my second they were out of brown rice, which was disappointing considering their menu is already pretty limited. They offer ""lava sauce"" and bottles of Sriracha to add flavor to your food. Everything's fresh and made to order, décor is a little sparse. Wish they had additional sauce options as my food was kind of plain, with just a small drizzle of (teriyaki?) sauce with the meat. Meal prices range from $4-7, very affordable."
"I'm a bigger fan of Carson Kitchen than I am of S&P. The dishes here sound great and most of them looked pretty good, but I was underwhelmed when it came time to taste what we ordered. The location is great, with amazing views and a date-night sophistication and service to match, but I can't eat the ambiance.

We started with the dish my guy was most excited for, the crispy oysters, which were beautiful!... but flavor-wise, they didn't have much going on and they were oddly served fried yet cold. We didn't even want to finish the dish after trying it. 
Disappointed, we moved on to the carrot risotto: the sweetness of the carrots offset by the salty pecorino was lovely, but my dining companion felt the dish itself was undercooked.
Then we had the venison tartare, which was only mildly gamey but I did not care at all for the sweeter flavor accents found in the cherry mostarda. The tongue and cheek agnolotti was richness on richness with little flavor aside from the sauce it was drowning in. Again, the fresh pasta looked beautiful but the filling was an unremarkable mush. It has since been removed from the menu.
The wine and cheese sundae dessert was almost a hit, with a great juxtaposition of merlot ice cream and a thick cheesecake blondie, but this was another dish marred by cherries- this time in brandied form. Again, we ate around them.

I'll be back to try their HH, but I'm not rushing to do so. The menu has enough variety that I'm sure there are other things I'll enjoy but again, I prefer Carson Kitchen- I can pretty much throw a dart and be pleased with anything I order there and I was expecting S&P to be a step above. In all regard except for flavor, it was. 

Note there's valet. It's not mandatory, but if you opt to park yourself available spots are limited and you'll be gifted a look that clearly suggests you should dine elsewhere. Maybe I should have expected that in Anthem, but I'm not a fan of people being in my car, and I'd prefer to spend more of my money on food."
"Offering HH is an opportunity for restaurants to give customers a glimpse of their menu offerings, and leave them wanting more so that they will stay or return for a full meal. Given all the local hype about ""oyster hour"" (5-6PM, oysters are $1/ea), we started off with that- seating in bar/lounge area is limited and awkward (very low couches/tables or two large tables for 10+?). Service was disinterested, slow, and careless, so we scaled back to just doing HH instead of a full dinner and even with those lessened expectations, food was mediocre.

OYSTERS: Fine, fresh, served with a mignonette and lemon. Ordered by the dozen, tray was plopped on our table without a word. No clue what kind of oysters they were or where they were from.
FRENCHIE BURGER: $15 at HH, and one of the menu items the restaurant has been using in publicity materials. Below average. Meat was not overcooked but dry, toppings were harmonious but very understated, overall flavor of burger was muted to the point of bland. This was incredibly boring and not worth any raves whatsoever.
ARTISAN CHEESE PLATE: Again, dropped off without a word. No clue what kind of cheeses I was eating, one was clearly a bleu variety, another seemed to be an English cheddar, who knows about the third. Accompaniments were a cranberry bread, candied walnuts, grapes, and a fruit chutney that did not remotely go with the bread. Odd assortment but good quality cheeses (thankfully!), the only good point of our visit.

Unfortunately, getting some good cheese at a French restaurant is not enough of a justification for me to stick around and try more of the menu- a quick analysis of other reviews clearly shows a correlation of higher ratings with HH and dinner receiving lower ratings. I wasn't about to shell out more money for more mediocrity. What a disappointment for a Daniel Boloud restaurant- and for the Venetian in general. I've had better service (and burgers)  in a food court."
"Your typical run-down discount theater. Not too shabby, not gross, but small and dated. Surprised they have current movies out instead of second-run stuff, but they do still have 3D movies here as well (though it wasn't what I was there to see).

Didn't visit the concessions stand, but apparently this place has seen better (read: busier) days, as they have a second concession stand behind the first for overflow. Either this place was once poppin', or they were optimistic when they built this place.

Somehow I've driven past several times and didn't even notice this theater here, but now that I've found it- and their $4 before 4PM and $6 evening showtime ticket prices- I'll likely be making it my regular place."
"Sushi Mon's Chef Soto is one of Las Vegas' best-kept secrets!* Go right before lunch ends, around 3PM, sit at the bar, and make a new friend.  I  have him do an omakase-style meal of nigiri and the daily specials (which are all reliably great!), and eat until I can't anymore.
Soto is good at pacing so you can enjoy quite a few pieces of fish before unbuttoning your pants or admitting defeat, and is quite charming to make conversation with as you munch.

Stellar stand-outs: fresh scallop, garlic tuna, cajun albacore, tuna hand roll, ika with mint (totally crazy!), and the sea bass. Sides of mussels, miso, orgasm salad and/or sashimi salad are also good add-ons. 

I'm not too big on rolls here unless I'm ordering to-go, but the Lemon roll, Crispy Spicy Roll, and Moon roll are all good picks- they have quite an extensive menu organized by specials, fried rolls, and tempura rolls and most have pictures to accompany them.

For dessert, I tend to stick to the classic green tea ice cream which is never gritty or chalky, while my BF swears by their tempura ice cream (today's special flavor was chocolate-fudge), but they also have a green tea creme brulee on the dinner menu that I've been meaning to try.

All the staff here are incredibly friendly and genuine, but Chef Soto is my favorite. Even if he's not working, all the guys are willing to feed you the best quality and best tasting fish in town, served with a smile and a joke or two.

EDIT: dropping my rating. Chef Soto and several other familiar faces behind the bar are gone, and with them the top-notch service and quality I've loved about this place."
"I'm not gonna lie: my expectations for this place were low.
I saw the Groupon and read the mostly-mediocre reviews, and bought it anyway because who doesn't love a discount? Plus it's right by my work.

Well this evening I was pleasantly surprised. 
Got the Fiesta Nachos with carne asada and the lengua burrito in salsa verde with cheese- both were really good! The nachos are loaded with tons of beef and both melted and shredded cheese, and the chips are thick and crispy. Lots of guac on top, too. The burrito is served enchilada-style with the green salsa that is just right: not too much heat but a good zesty kick to it. 
Total was under $20 and portions were good- I'll be eating leftovers for lunch all week.

Not sure I'd go out of my way to go here specifically, but they have a happy  hour with discounted margaritas and dollar tacos, and the nachos at least I can highly recommend!

Down side: they don't answer their phone, so don't bother calling in an order. Minor irritation, but I ordered to go and wish I could have had it ready when I pulled up."
"Healthy Mexican food- sounds like an oxymoron, doesn't it?
With a name like Frijoles, I was expecting canned refried beans and other quintessentially unhealthy Mexican dishes here but was pleasantly surprised!

Interior of this former Pizza Hut is totally transformed with upscale seating and lighting fixtures and some Aztec decor, and piped-in music fits perfectly with the ambiance here. Wish they had to space to add in a patio!

Menu is simple: tacos, burritos, nachos, and various other dishes, pick your meats, plus additional sides (ELOTE!) and drinks (AGUAS FRESCAS!)

Initially came in for just a snack- got the lengua nachos, street corn, and a watermelon agua fresca. Both were delicious and fresh, and I really appreciated how the nachos were not drowned in cheese but remained relatively light with pinto beans, guac, and pico de gallo. Loved the corn! Prefer it chopped off the cob but flavors were spot on.

Owner came out to introduce himself and tell us about his new place. In addition to amazing aguas, he also does juices- gave us samples of the pineapple, the strawberry, chia, and spinach. 
My next visit, I'm going to try to convince him to start bottling and selling his juices for home consumption- they were delicious and all-natural with no additives, and the guy is really knowledgeable about juicing and nutrition.

This place isn't what you expect- in a GOOD way!
EDIT: Have since returned for many aguas frescas, tacos, and quesadillas. Some of the best fresh-Mex in Vegas. Consistently high quality, good portions and prices, always stellar service."
"Every time I come here, I feel like Goldilocks. This business space has been three boba supply slash drink stores in the past year, and every time they reopen under a different name, something is always off (too sweet, too bland, poor service, etc.).

This incarnation, the store has a modernized interior with the boba supply organized and separate from the boba dining area. Menu has about 50 drink options (milk teas and smoothies), no foods. Two sizes for drinks, small and large, priced at $4 and $5.50, respectively. The large is huge.

But my experience with the banana milk tea was that the drink itself was poorly mixed (gritty powder at the bottom), extremely artificial tasting with a poor aftertaste, with mushy boba. I can't say I'm a fan, but it was only one drink. Service this visit was a tremendous step up from the last... but I'm still waiting to have an experience that is ""just right""."
"Like most Jewish-owned restaurants, this place is closed on Saturdays, so plan accordingly. I have tried to go here before but the early close time on Fridays (3PM) has foiled a few of my efforts as well. Worth pre-planning to get your shwarma fix.

Ordered takeout, staff was friendly, chatty, and quick.
Shwarma combo plate with salad, hommos, and falafel ($15) was two meals, and priced well when you consider that adding on the falafel is only a dollar more for 5 pieces- a la carte pricing is 2/$1. Falafel plate with hommos and salad ($10) is also an ample portion, and each plate comes with their own fresh, warm pita.

Shwarma is turkey, per the menu notes, but sliced and grilled fresh with good flavor. Falafel is crisp, hommos is creamy and topped with olive oil and parsley, and the salad is legit: fresh lettuce and cabbage, topped with tiny-chopped tomato, onion, and cucumber, and doused with a good amount of tahini dressing.There's no feta, but that probably carries over from the kosher dishes. I added some myself at home for extra oomph!

They also have burekas- small square pastries stuffed with potato, spinach, or mushroom; the latter is my favorite, highly recommend.

Side tangent: Not sure why this place hypes up falafel as healthy. As others have said, although it's vegetarian, it IS fried so calling it healthy is a bit of a stretch."
"Solid drinks to be had here: the boba itself did not quite have the texture and chewiness I like, but the flavored drinks are among the better I've tried.

Black sesame (#9) is a slush-like consistency; cappuccino (#11) takes like a gas-station coffee - in a good way. Both, with boba, came to under $7. Not sure if the cashier applied the check-in discount, since it wouldn't let me check in but she seemed to have already typed in the total.

Lots of drinks to try here: coffee menu seems limited for the place to have ""coffee"" in it's name. Next visit, I'm trying the peanutbutter banana and the avocado sesame. 

As others have said, though they advertise fresh fruit used in their drinks, the only fruit in eyesight is bananas- will watch carefully when ordering a fruit-based drink in the future."
"Much care was put into the décor and style inside this cafe: mason jar lights over the tables, unique artwork, chalkboard menu, fancy flooring, and a variety of seating options and textiles make this place remind me of Pottery Barn. This place has AMAZING food. Owners are Bulgarian and have tons of tasty and healthy European dishes and salads on the menu.

PROSCUITTO PARMA PANINI is huge and delicious, goes well with the COLD CUCUMBER SOUP. Go 'cuke crazy and get the CUCUMBER DILL SALAD too, a pretty presentation with tons of feta!  Everything is fresh and delicious.

Always check out the specials board. Their STUFFED CABAGE ROLLS are amazing, and also a gigantic portion, though heavier than most of their usual far. Desserts and coffee drinks are also good here- TIRAMISU in particular is a favorite.

Service is consistently good and friendly. They offer walk-up ordering for takeout orders as well as table service if you are dining in. Make sure to check out the art on the right-hand wall of the dining room: the framed piece featuring a bunch of cash has a sign on it in Russian that translates to, ""My territory, my rules!""

TLDR: Gigantic, tasty paninis and salads, all with healthy Euro flair."
"HH is solid: Mon-Fri 3-6PM (and a late-night version) with food and drink specials. The food is consistent, I prefer to sit at the bar for quick service. Poke stack ($13 regular, $8 HH) is one of the better deals but prepare yourself for an overwhelming amount of shredded carrots. The lettuce wraps (chicken or mushroom) can easily make an entire meal. Everything I've had here is generally ""A-OK"" but nothing to rave about.

Heads up: if you are doing the gluten-free thing, pick another dining option. My coworker was limited to salads and protein, as none of their sides are safe. The server we had made her dietary restrictions sound frivolous, too, and now this spot is out of our regular rotation."
"Being from Texas, and not a fan of malls, I had no idea what this place was when I drove by after moving in nearby. But that changed today.

Swung through the drive thru today after my workout- gotta stay fat somehow, right?
In any case, the line wasn't long but the wait kind of was: was probably probably in line about ten minutes.

Ordered the beef hot dog on a stick and the american cheese on a stick. No clue what to expect, I usually just hit up Sonic when the random corndog craving strikes. But with the rave reviews here, surely this place was something special.

Got home and shared my treats with the BF: I got a bite or two of the dog with some regular Frech's before he inhaled the rest with some spicy brown mustard. Both of us were perplexed by the cheese on a stick (american)- seems like it's supposed to be their take on a grilled cheese, and it's not bad, just... odd. 

Probably won't be by often, but definitely giving an extra star for the spicy brown mustard- will scoop up an extra packet or three next time I go in."
"Just a bit off Strip, in the opposite direction of Chinatown, is Itea- an unassuming spot tucked into a shopping center. Look closer though, because this spot has some legit tea! My guy got the coffee milk tea with boba, and I tried the sea salt black/green tea with lychee jelly- my drink was the favorite but his was probably the most coffee-forward coffee drink I've had in a tea shop, tasting like actual coffee rather than artificial flavoring as elsewhere. I didn't love the boba, but I think it just didn't go well with that particular tea and it didn't seem to be honey-marinated. But the sea salt tea! Flavor was strong and pronounced but nicely accented by the cream, and the lychee jelly was the right texture and added just the right amount of sweetness. I would get this drink again and recommend it if you have difficulty deciding what to order. Haven't tried their bubble waffles that are taking IG by storm, but will do so soon!"
"It's a hole in the wall, but tasty. Was on this side of town with a limited 30 minute lunch, took a coworker. The asada torta, as recommended by Chris V., is awesome and under $6. Would have been better with avocado, but they hadn't received their shipment. Add an additional meat and it's only a dollar more. Colleague opted for a quesadilla and really enjoyed it.

Service was polite, cards accepted, prices are low. Menudo is available daily instead of limited to weekends, as at other places. If you're hunting for homestyle Mexican on a budget, this spot fits the bill."
"Tea Space has the best boba in the area but the sweetest teas- but at least they're consistent with both. Cope by specifying less sweetness for your order and you should be good to go. Service is great, which is an anomaly for places that are adjacent to Spring Mountain Road.

Decor is cute with a cat theme, menu is pretty large, and the sizes are good for the price. For first time visitors, staff tend to recommend the house teas, which seem to be extra-sweet due to being made with half and half or cream? Unclear, but too sweet for me. They're great about adjusting or remaking drinks to fit your preference- the wintermelon beverages are refreshing in this ungodly summer heat.

Note that their signage is a bit faded and the storefront looks like it might be closed from the outside- it's in the same little building as the diabetic sweets bakery, and seems to have popped up overnight.

EDIT: Dropping a star. Service has been lacking the past couple of times I've been here. They're open late but manage to make me feel like I'm inconveniencing them if I pop in and interrupt their chat time as the only customer after 10PM."
"I was in this plaza for a hair appointment and wanted to grab a healthy meal. Another stylist recommended this spot for their selection of salads and sandwiches, and I ordered the Sonny wrap via Eat24. I was underwhelmed by how dry both the chicken and the wrap itself were. Grilling the exterior was a nice touch that added crunch, but it was a weird contrast with the ice-cold fillings. I am glad they offer some healthier options rather than just pizzas and pastas, but perhaps I would have been better off with a salad.  

When I went in to pick up the order, I was surprised by how dark it was inside, like a sports bar. Service was okay, not sure why it took over half an hour for a wrap or why the cashier tried to charge me again upon pickup."
"Go somewhere else, anywhere else. I came in with a $20 Groupon for takeout and asked for a refund- it was that bad.

Ordered a house salad with added chicken, plus a 10-piece order of wings with Midtown sauce. The salad was covered in croutons, hiding the fact that they covered up rotten lettuce and spoiled vegetables. The chicken on top was hard, dry, and crunchy as if it had been made days ago. The wings were tiny and the sauce was a basic mild sauce- and sparingly applied. I swear one was actually a sauced bone, there was literally nothing on it.

 I realize it's a bar, but if it's so dark inside that you can't tell if the food you're serving is spoiled, you shouldn't be selling food. If your employees are really so clueless to keep serving food in this condition, they should have their food handlers card revoked."
"PHX is unexpectedly large- thank goodness for the moving sidewalks! Several stores and dining options in each terminal, and service was decent at the places I stopped during my layover. There aren't too many amenities available here, and there is significantly less seating available than each gate requires so you'll either sit on the floor or stand. Did not see many outlets in my terminal, but I did see several cleaning crews."
"Everyone else has reviewed the pizza, so I'll just cover salads and wings.
Menu states the salads feed 2-3 people, which I initially scoffed at, but they actually are pretty huge. My takeout box was so full that they provided plates to eat the salad. Unfortunately, they filled it with 99% veggies, leaving no room for the grilled chicken. I had close to a cup of pepperoncini but only four slices of  grilled chicken, less than an entire tender. Vegetables were fresh and dressing tasted bottled but tasty. 

When I asked the cashier which app she suggested, she stated the wings were her favorite- the six piece order, hot, was baked in the pizza oven and nicely sauced, with lots of brown crispy bits. 

I'd come back to try another salad. Their pizza descriptions sound good (especially the Bleu!) and the wings'll make a good game day takeout option. 

TIP: They have a $5 lunchtime pizza deal (11-4PM?) but they don't specifically have lunch combos."
"Good brand and company- I've been a fan since a friend introduced me. She was so passionate about their great service and products that she now works there! Sadly she isn't at this location, though.

Worked with Jennifer when I went in yesterday evening- was immediately approached and helped with sizing and selection. Love the hands-on service here, comparable to many higher-end stores. Bras here are pricey but high quality, and really not much more expensive than other specialty stores such as Lane Bryant and Victoria's Secret.

Purchased two bras, and was able to take advantage of their $20 off $100 sale- sign up for their emails and get frequent coupons/sale alerts by email and snail mail. Your birthday snags you a $10 gift card.

Bras are high-quality, as are panties- good selection and a high level of attention is paid to fit. This is not a place where you can just grab your size and go, you have to try on and make sure- I've noticed quite a bit of difference in fit between different styles and fabrics. Dresses here are also gorgeous and I love that they're usually made with high quality cottons, lightweight and nicer but still fairly casual. They also have a large PJs selection that I have yet to take advantage of.

Ask for Jennifer- she's very helpful and bubbly without being too clingy or overly attentive. Always get a fitting when you go, and ask about promotions."
"I see the wine & paint night ads all over Groupon and Facebook but I've never tried one til a colleague scheduled a private event here and invited me. It was a surprisingly fun night, and the painting itself went far better than I'd expected!

My usual issue when browsing this type of business is that the paintings are not something I'd ever hang up or display anywhere- but the selection here is huge and if you set up a private event you can choose from their massive array of paintings. Our group of 9 had a private room and instructor, which allowed us to socialize more than the drop-in class, and was still their same $39 rate. It was cool to see how we all had the same teacher and instructions, but somehow came away with totally different versions of the same image! Mine was definitely not the best, I'll leave it at that. I think our instructors name was Paul? His directions were clear and the pacing felt fast at times but worked out well for us to finish up in the given amount of time without obsessing over details. It was fun, and the music played while we painted was a great mix of 90s classics.

Menu is limited- they have some featured specials, like a 2/$13 deal on moscatos or ciders, but their regular menu has most wine glasses ~$8 with several options available by the bottle only. They only have a limited selection of snacks like bagged popcorn and crackers, but you are able to bring in your own. I can't say paint nights are my new favorite way to socialize, but I had a positive first experience and would go again."
"Fat Daddy's is an ice cream truck in the best sense of the phrase- it's like a mobile ice cream bar, serving up scoops in cones or bowls, wherever you want. It's a great employee appreciation move: call to schedule and they'll show up whenever you want, perfectly on time, and they have reasonable rates. 

The truck is colorful and cute, staff is fairly friendly, and flavors are creamy- if theres one downside, I will say that flavors were fairly safe and somewhat limited. They offer about nine choices, with the staples (vanilla, strawberry, mint chocolate chip, rocky road, pistachio, butter pecan) plus a flavor of the day (coconut pineapple). I don't know if they take requests, but what they had was enough for everyone to get a couple of scoops they enjoyed."
"Came for pupusas a couple of times. The revueltas are my pick and they're okay, but not the best. Some days they're thick with filling, other days they're not, but they're always super greasy, even compared to other pupusa places. The service I've received hasn't been as bad as others have mentioned. Prices are fairly low, but there is a $1 card charge, which I find a bit steep."
"Another solid pho option away from Chinatown chaos- though not that far from Spring Mountain Rd, honestly. Menu is simple but good, with fried and fresh rolls as apps, a few pho options, a few broken rice and bun bowls, and even separate sections for healthy and vegetarian selections.

HOUSE COMBINATION PHO: Broth was okay, didn't have quite as much depth as other versions in town. Their house chili-garlic oil added some good flavor, and the mix of bean sprouts-jalapenos-lime-basil also included a surprising amount of cilantro, for a slightly different mix of flavors. Meatballs were my favorite of the included meats, there wasn't too much fat. Only one size, but it's shareable and under $10.
HOUSE COMBINATION BROKEN RICE: Rice plus pork chop, shrimp, chicken, and fried spring roll with fresh veggies and the vinaigrette sauce. Comfort food to the max, meats were fresh but seemed a bit overcooked as they were all a bit on the dry side. I like char on my meats, but these tasted like maybe they need to clean the grill a little more frequently. 

I felt our lunch was affordable, with a large portion for the price: the above dishes were slightly over $25 with tax and tip. Service was attentive about drink refills, location is clean. There's a ice water station at the back of the dining room, but servers are more than willing to bring it out to the table."
"Sometimes you get what you pay for, other times you get a steal of a deal- really just depends on what you buy. Generally, steer clear of electronics and know that most foods are subpar quality. 

Props to them for having a teacher supply section, hit it up today for some last-minute stuff I didn't want to spend more on elsewhere- they have everything from school supplies (cheaper at office supply stores during back to school sales), general office supplies, posters and stickers and small prizes for good behavior galore.

Can reliably count on this chain to have holiday supplies out months in advance- great for those who plan ahead. At the beginning of August, they've already surpassed Halloween supplies to stock Thanksgiving stuff!

As at most locations, this one isn't the cleanest and the clientele can be sketchy at times, but the staff have been friendly and helpful each time I've been. This one has a frozen food section as well as a more extensive cleaning-product section compared to other locations."
"With a new menu roll-out and a $10 off coupon from their website, I came in to see what Bonefish Grill was all about. Menu features a limited number of (mostly) healthy, fish-focused dishes, prices range from $13-ish for lunch items to averaging $30 for fish dinner entrees.

Started with a house salad with a pleasant citrus vinaigrette before the FISH AND CHIPS. Batter on the fish was a little bland, but the tartar sauce really complemented the fish- lemony, lots of herbs, good consistency. Fries were average. 
FIRE GRILLED RAINBOW TROUT was stellar- large portion, beautifully crisp skin, flavorful with a light lemon-butter, and served with sweet snap peas and French green beans. Fresh, healthy, flavorful.

Service was interesting... our server took quite a while to get out to us. Another employee helped us with drinks and bread but was unable to take our order when we were ready, insisting we wait for our elusive designated server. When he noticed that I was taking photos of my food, he made some odd comments about secret shoppers.

Overall, food was very fresh and the menu has a lot of healthy options. Restaurant itself seemed busy enough and we had no major issues with service. Interior is nice and slightly upscale, patio seating available. ""Bar Bites"" HH discounts available at the bar only, 3-6PM."
"It's a sporting goods supply store. The selection is fairly decent, and there are plenty of friendly staff able to help you find what you're looking for. 

If I have one pet peeve here, it's the pricing. For the items I've come in for (foam rollers, weight lifting gloves), prices have been on the high side- almost to the point that I considered  ordering online. But both times I purchased in store, the item rang up cheaper at the register! Perhaps it's just the way they do things, but I'd prefer the accurate price listed on the shelf. I would probably buy more."
"For those who like eating with their hands*, Ethiopian food might be your new favorite thing. Platters of flavorful mixtures are served atop and alongside rolled injera bread that you tear and wrap around individual bites and pop into your mouth. If you haven't had it before, Merkato is a good place to check it out.

Indoor and outdoor seating available, along with a menu that has options suitable for most dietary restrictions- the vegetarian in our group enjoyed the samosas (beef version also available) while the pescatarian loved the fish goulash (great grilled flavor!), I devoured the house kitfo (basically beef tartare), and we all shared the veggie platter (make sure you get the tomato firfir). Pricing is extremely reasonable, $10-15/pp with generous portions. 

Location is in an industrial area and can be hard to find. Service is attentive but Ethiopian dining is a social event so expect to ask for the check as you will be left to socialize as long as you like. Traditional coffee service also available!

*Okay, sidenote: in Ethiopian culture, you actually are only supposed to use your right hand to eat. Thanks to Brian G for droppin' the knowledge."
"I like how this business is a restaurant and a grocery with a deli, but felt the menu and deli selection could use a boost.

Browsed the grocery and found both unique ethnic finds and some basic staples, which helps not have to go to multiple stores. Produce section was lacking but really liked the clear bins of refrigerated fresh herbs in the back left corner.

They were out of the koobideh so I settled for the chicken kabob plate for my dinner- surprised that this was not served with bread of any sort and their hummus was a bit on the bland side but had good texture. Chicken and rice were spot-on for doneness and flavorful, and I even enjoyed the roasted tomato.

Pricing seemed a bit steep for the setting, but I did like how effort has been put in to make the dining section visually separate from the grocery with warm beige walls and some art."
"My hopes weren't too high- it's a hot dog chain, they have good prices, and I was in a frankfurter mood. 

Hit up the drive thru and service was quick but a bit brusque. Received my 2 mustard dogs for $2, and went on my way. As I unwrapped my first dog, it rolled out of the wrapper and splattered mustard all over my work outfit. I wasn't trying to juggle the darn thing, I wasn't multitasking, it was a disaster. Even the second one, which I was more careful with, was a gigantic mess- mustard everywhere. I don't understand what the staff is doing with the wrappers if the mustard is getting all over the place.

Also, even for $1, my expectations were a little better- when you specialize in a niche product, it should be better than what I can get for the same price at a gas station. It's not. The junkyard dog will still be my go-to, but I'll be hitting up another location to get my fix... somewhere that won't require me to do my laundry after getting a simple snack."
"Marky Mark & Co. are failing the masses. Came here with a Wahlburg-obsessed friend, hoping for a good experience despite the lackluster reviews. As we got seated at the bar, the couple next to us was raving about their meal- things seemed to be looking up.

But despite ordering a wide swath of the menu, most dishes had execution issues: the thin-cut onion rings were arguably the best dish we tried, but were served cold. The patty melt we ordered featured unmelted ""government"" cheese and an overcooked patty, not sure how the kitchen managed that unless the patties are precooked. The house-made pickles and Wahl sauce were tasty, but not enough to save that burger. Added on Alma's Famous Macaroni per raves from other reviews, belatedly realizing this was a pasta salad. It was fresh with lots of chopped vegetables but seemed to be missing something in the unbalanced flavors. Tried to end our meal on a high note with a spiked milkshake, but the Fluffanuttah didn't look or taste at all like the menu description. 

Not sure how this place stays so packed- the wait for a table was 30 minutes even after the lunch rush on a weekday. Prices are standard for the Strip location, but the quality is subpar."
"Dive bar meets rock venue plus wings.  Surprisingly friendly staff: this is not the kind of divey rock bar where the staff are rude as part of the aesthetic, they're genuine and polite. I especially like the curly redhead bartender. 

The addition of Wing King only makes this a better place, and makes me a bit more inclined to go knowing when hunger hits that I can eat something that actually tastes good, rather than the grease and drink condiments available at most places. 

In addition to food and drink, there's also games: video poker, pool, and even air hockey. I have hopes that someday they'll add shuffleboard.

Haven't seen live music here so cannot comment on the acoustics but the stage is large and they've had some pretty decent groups come through, and pricing for tickets seems reasonable.

If you don't know where it is, this place can be tricky to find- I drove by twice without realizing it's the same parking lot as Savers, where I started."
"I'm a cheese addict, and Giordano's pizza is an overdose of one of my favorite things! As if pizza couldn't get any better, the classic deep dish Chicago style pie is loaded up with a ridiculous amount of cheese and toppings. The only downside to this location is that it's on the Strip, which can be a hassle to get to at times but there are some great views from their second floor windows and bar area.

The apps and salads are fresh and fairly light to keep you ready for the pizza, which is the real reason you came here. Each pie takes a while, so go with a fun group (also helps with pricing). Staff were super friendly and will try their best to get the best cheese pull for your photos! So far I've tried the Chicago Classic (pepperoni, mushroom, peppers, onion) and the Super Veggie (mushroom, peppers, onion, broccoli, spinach, olive), and preferred the latter- the cheese was so overwhelming that the added meats weren't necessary. 

TIP: Park at Bally's/Paris for closest free option for locals."
"I've had nothing but positive experiences with LAS and TSA staff here- if anything, the lines for security are efficient and more often than not, they expedite the process by moving people to the TSA Precheck line.

The security here is remarkably relaxed once that happens- you don't have to take off your shoes or take anything out of your bag, just roll it through the machine and walk through the scanner and you're on your way."
"I dropped my iPad at the gym like three years ago and have dealt with the cracked screen since. Enter iPhone Doctor, stage left, last week. Better late than never, right?!

Phone reviews indicate service can be done while you wait but for the larger screens, it seems a couple hours is the norm. I dropped off Wednesday and picked up Friday. Customer service was friendly and fast, called when it was ready afternoon of day of dropoff. Damage was pretty severe, what with the initial drop and letting it worsen over time, but upon pickup, it looks as good as new! 

Note that their pricing is a bit tricky- website has one (inflated) price ($90?!), with a current promo (which seems to be perpetual) of $50. This is a pet peeve of mine.  They also have a groupon up for that same ""discounted"" price and will honor the discounted price without groupon purchase, so that's a plus. Your best bet is to stack a groupon with a 20% off code for a real deal ($40)."
"If you're looking this place up, just go. But know that it's INSIDE of  Island Sushi. Don't spend ten minutes arguing with your GPS in their parking lot. There's a sticker on the door. 

Poke is delicious, and these guys do it right. My favorites are the ahi-avocado or the salmon poke, but they also have a spicy crab dish that is tasty too. They also offer ""ocean salad"" AKA seaweed salad, which is simpler but also one of my favorite things. I haven't worked up the courage to try the raw tako yet!

Pricing is fair for the great quality. If you live on the other side of town like I do, buy twice as much as you think you want because driving across town is a pain in the butt but you'll do it for this poke. Speak up and ask to try before you buy, the guys are friendly and want to make sure you get something you'll love."
"My most recent Asian-owned donut experience at KD's in Henderson was a nightmare- Sunrise is the dream version of the same basic business concept! Full pastry cases with beautiful-looking breakfast treats along with welcoming (and English-speaking) service. It really IS that simple.

Opted for the maple bar and the buttermilk bar based on others' reviews: maple bar was surprisingly less sweet than other versions I've had, allowing the distinct maple flavors to stand out. Buttermilk bar had great texture and a crispy exterior I really enjoyed. Total for both came to under $2.

Store also offers coffee and other bottled drinks, as well as candies. Small dine-in seating area. Building itself faces 30th street rather than Charleston, as the address indicates. Blink and you'll miss it driving by."
"Stumbled on this charming, old timey saloon after driving out to Red Rock and wandering to the adjacent petting zoo. There's a large lake out front with several ducks, turtles, peacocks, and chickens roaming around. Inside, there's a bar area and an indoor fireplace to enjoy in addition to the usual two- and four-top seating. It's dark with themed decor and animal heads overlooking the tables. I dig it.

Food menu has everything from breakfast to barbecue to burgers and meatloaf. They have no nearby competition and materials have to be trucked in, so prices are on the high side but not unreasonable. We shared some apps instead of getting full meals: the chicken livers and gizzards come freshly fried with a great cream gravy, and the Western Style Chili Bowl (with beans) is huge and just a touch spicy.

I can't say this spot is appealing enough on it's own to warrant the drive outside of town, but it sure beats a picnic. Coupled with the other Bonnie Springs attractions, it makes for a fun, adventurous day for kids or adults."
"It sounds like my experience was not the norm, but I didn't have any issues with my Air Canada flights. Departure was on time, arrival was early, seats were comfortable with adequate leg room, and service was polite. I especially liked how the flight attendants circulated the cabin with water pitchers for refills. Neither flight was full, and pricing was great: $250 RT/pp YSR/LAS. I did find it odd that the pilot never got on the intercom to give any info or a heads up on turbulence."
"Mediocre boba + cheap but good Chinese takeout = 3 star average.
This place was totally dead on a Sunday evening, got my thai tea boba in about three minutes flat and waited only a few minutes for my chicken moo goo gai, total was $12, not bad at all and portion was enough for lunch and dinner.

Boba seemed mushy and almost overcooked, as if maybe it had been sitting around.
Thai tea was flavorless- tasted like slightly sweetened water, very bizarre.
Chicken moo goo gai was just chicken and mushrooms in a light sauce- which I actually preferred to the usual mix of other lesser veggies. Giant portion, rice was a bit gummy (also as if it had been sitting in the warmer for a while).

Would grab takeout here again, but would prefer to go when they actually have business so my food has a greater chance of being made fresh. Sounds backwards, I know."
"Ordered their trio of sides for Thanksgiving this year- did their complete feast last year with positive results, and with less of us celebrating I wanted to take a short cut again. 

Pickup was a bit of a mess, and ultimately I received my order, but no one really checked or confirmed it- I gave my name, a list was checked, I wasn't on it, but I was given my sides. Offered my ID to check, brought the card I purchased with, but both were waved away without checking. I appreciate that it wasn't a hassle but feel there should have been a lot more organization.

Potatoes, stuffing, and gravy or 6-8 people was $25- not bad at all. Preorder with minimum 48 hours notice, up to a couple of weeks in advance. 
Lunch special of pot pie, salad, and a slice is a good deal at $10- choices for chicken pot pie, tuscan shrimp, or the beef, plus a slice of one of their standard dessert pies, and you can upgrade to a featured/seasonal pie for a fee."
"I was happily surprised by this place!
Full disclosure, and the reason for an extra star (and my visit in the first place): they offered a generous BOGO standard burger dinner special for CCSD employees for Teacher Appreciation Week! 

My guy and I each got the standard, adding cheese (cheddar for me, gouda for him), and shared the truffle fries and a drink. Mad props for having a variety of cheeses to add on: bleu, American, cheddar, gouda, pepper jack, etc were all options, along with japalenos, carmelized onions, bacon, and avocado. Almost added the onions to our burgers but ultimately decided not to.

Service was quick and friendly while we placed our orders. Dining room was clean and condiments/drink station and tables were clean. Order was out quickly.

Burgers were thick, and served medium rare- perfect! Cheese was just melted and veggies were fresh and crisp. Did not detect additional condiments on my burger, but the bun and juices from the patty did not have a dry taste, which is admirable.
Truffle fries were $3, ample and shareable portion served perfectly cooked and crisp. Very tasty with light dusting of what seemed to be sea salt. Would order again, appreciated that the truffle flavor was light and not overwhelming.

Will have to go again and try a specialty burger... and those onions!
Table signage and website showed several daily HH specials and deals that I will be sure to take advantage of next time I'm in the area."
"What could go wrong with cookies and ice cream?! Well, nothing, actually. The combination is so simply delightful that there isn't much effort required... or received.

Male staff present was friendly, female was bored and disinterested.
BF and I got two different cookie sandwiches and both were okay, but nothing more than cookies and ice cream. Tuxedo cookies were tasty and chewy, mocha almond fudge ice cream was decent. BF got two different cookies and the mint chocolate ice cream, and it was also solid.

Cookies were out in open air, uncovered, which was a little odd. Would think that would be against health code but I guess not. Cookie was mashed into bottom of bowl, topped with a scoop, and closed with another cookie- not quite what I pictured but what was necessary given the size of the assembled dessert.

I appreciated the variety of flavor combinations that could be customized with different cookies (or getting two different ones) and ice cream flavors. Portion was gigantic and we easily could have split one instead of having our own. Pricing was fair for the portion, but I liked that they have a text offer to get $1 off, bringing our total to under $7.

In short, cookies + ice cream is a no-brainer but more work needs to be put into the execution of this basic idea."
"Gorgeous location, great food, and some of the best service I've come across in the Henderson area! Restaurant has al fresco seating, a formal dining room with white linen table cloths, and a more casual deli area with a piano. Decor is eclectic, food is superb quality!

Favorite salad is the grilled vegetable roulade, with an amazing ginger beet aioli and the perfect amount of feta cheese- it's a great lunch!
The classic french onion soup and escargot belle epoque are also phenomenally well executed, a must-order for a date night or a group dinner.

Chef Bernard is present at the restaurant and frequently comes out to chat with guests- he is one of the sweetest men around, and very genuine! Same goes for all other employees, high level of professionalism and service found here."
"My BF's jew-fro reached ""out of control"" proportions a few weeks ago, so I finally intervened and hooked up him with an appointment here last week. A quick search on Yelped turned this place up nearby, called and was immediately put down for an appointment within the half-hour.

BF arrived, waited shortly and was helped by a nice Asian lady who take his hair down from caveman to practically-a-buzz-cut in a clean and organized fashion. She use clippers for the majority of his cut, which is quick and convenient for her but not really to his liking. The final product however, pleases everyone. 

I do like that she cut it so short- usually stylists shy away from putting a significant dent in men's hair length (or so I've surmised from my experiences with BF's cuts), and I can't figure out why. Maybe they feel that if the regrowth happens fast, they'll just come back to the last place that cut it? I think we'd all rather go longer times between cuts, and doing it this short makes it easier.

Decent and predictable pricing on par with other locations for this chain. Clean and organized, with plenty of reading materials while waiting- and most of them are fairly current, unlike your doctor's office."
"Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. I have given United several opportunities to right their wrongs, or to simply provide their given service without encountering issues, but that has yet to happen.

Shorter flights (SFO/LAX/LAS), this airline can handle. Anything more complicated than that and you will encounter delays and cancelled or rescheduled flights. I always sign up for their text/phone alerts for flight changes, but they don't bother to post that info until an hour prior to the flight, leading to hours needlessly spent at the airport. Additionally, gate staff are consistently not in communication about flight delays or other issues. With other airlines, if there is a delay, the crew at the gate will get on the loudspeaker and explain and/or apologize. With United, you'll get a text and the folks at the counter won't say anything at all. 

Out of my last three round-trip flights with United, more than half have been delayed. That is unacceptable. You can complete a customer satisfaction survey and potentially receive some sort of flight voucher/credit, but if you have any issues with THAT flight, you're pretty much the bottom of the list. And they're super-strict about refusing any credits for your half-price flight, even if you ended up missing a day of work due to their delays. Classy!

Extra star is for the flight staff: most of the time I have lucked out and had great, friendly service on board. It's a shame that the numerous United employees I encounter before and after my actual flight don't have the same attention to service."
"Came for the grand opening- 12 hours of free ice cream cookie sandwiches is a great way to garner media coverage, word of mouth marketing, and repeat business. Clever plan, and really impressed at how organized everything was for the event.

The cookies were the best part, the ice cream was just okay. 
Snickerdoodle cookies were by far the best, followed by chocolate chip, peanut butter, and simply-too-sweet red velvet. Cookies and cream and cup o' joe ice creams were just okay, liked that they didn't melt too fast. Added toppings like chopped nuts, sprinkles, and caramel syrup are available to stick to the exposed ice cream. Size is good, not absolutely enormous but more than enough for one.

Service was really well organized and genuinely friendly youths. Inside seating is limited but location is conveniently by the food court area where there is additional outdoor seating by the water feature and benches throughout the shopping area."
"Clean and inviting campus, open layout with palm trees in the courtyards and student-made art from when the campus opened- which by the way wasn't that long ago, has been open 23 years. Lots of technology available for students and teachers, most classrooms don't have windows which is a little odd but prevents distraction and is also a security measure. Library is also large and librarian is very involved in campus activities.

Staff here are stellar. Teachers truly have the students' best interests in mind and are working toward what is best for the student's long term goals. Class sizes vary, but students by and large are respectful.

Campus has several clubs including homework, anime, book, debate, yoga, and more. School also has a strong athletic program with basketball consistently making state championships and a large archery team."
"Large selection of used books! Biggest selection in the areas of young adult/teen, mysteries, and history. Lady at front desk was super friendly, we talked about favorite authors as I checked out. They have some in-store Meet the Author events, check posted notes by the door for upcoming events.

Sections are not always clearly labeled, most books have pricing penciled in on the first or second page but I'm unclear how they are priced- some hardbacks were $3.50 while others were $10, some paperbacks were $2 while others were $5, didn't see a pattern."
"The Whole Foods Markets in the Bay area really spoiled me. The same basic sections are here (bakery, takeout, beauty, butcher, produce) but they all seem to have slightly less selection. For better or worse, prices seem to be the same.

Dislike how this location breaks their soups into several different stations- I counted three in the hot foods area, another three at one end of the butcher, and a third set at the end of the butcher area. Good variety, but I would rather they all be in one area.

Also separated from the takeout food area is the ready-made seafood section with shrimp and ceviche- make a full lap of the store before deciding what you want.

Not food related: right by the checkout is the beauty section, head over to the bath salts area where they're available by the pound in various scents. $3 by weight to scoop a box myself of whatever types I wanted, compared to a single $5 bath bomb."
"Impressed with this location- I'm closer to the Rainbow and Sahara locations but needed to make up a missed bodypump class and the online schedules show that this location has more weekend options.

Location is huge. Parking lot is, too, but somehow it doesn't feel as unorganized as the one on Rainbow. Staff is friendly, present, and actively maintaining the facility. Locker room is huge, women's only section has ample space and equipment. Appreciate that there are cardio machines with individual screens in this area, instead of only in the shared co-ed space as at other gyms.

Group classes are held upstairs in a gigantic space with wood floors and mirrors- appreciate that the mirrors in front go all the way to the floor so you can continue checking your form while down on the bench (Rainbow location lacks mirrors, Sahara's start at knee-height.).

Overall impression of this location is that it is cleaner, bigger, and more heavily trafficked- and receives increased classes on the schedule, in an increased space, to keep up with demand. Which means more workouts for me!
I only wish it were closer, as it's a bit out of my way."
"For a former fast-food restaurant, this place has completely transformed to be a new player in the Vegas ramen wars. Exterior is all black, interior is swanky and looks like a lounge. Very welcoming, very clean. Menu is fairly extensive with a few different types of ramens, a handful of sides, add-ons, tapas options, and a few desserts.

JINYA BUN is $3 (~$4 regular) on HH menu- chashu on a bao, simple, classic, flavorful, and delicious. The tempura BRUSSELS SPROUTS were crispy and fresh with a touch of truffle oil that didn't overwhelm but added an extra savory note.
CRISPY RICE WITH SPICY TUNA is a favorite dish of mine: I'm not a jalapeno fan but the thin slices are the perfect complement to the tuna and rice, which is perfectly crisp and never burned.
CRISPY CHICKEN is super-moist and flavorful, plated with a small salad with their fabulous dressing and a delightful dipping sauce.

RAMENS:
TONKOTSU ASSARI- pork broth, chashu, karagge, green onion, seasoned egg, spicy bean sprouts, and thick noodles: delish! Broth had good depth of flavor without feeling too fatty (server described it as one of their lighter options), noodles were chewy and the egg was just slightly overcooked.
[2nd visit] TOKOTSU BLACK- pork broth, pork chashu, kikurage, green onion, nori, egg, garlic chips, garlic oil, fried onion, and THIN noodles: full bodied broth, but highly preferred the thicker noodles, the thin ones are too similar to spaghetti IMO.
[Millionth Visit] SPICY CHICKEN TONKOTSU: amazing noodles with a spicy broth and ground chicken. No egg. Reminiscent of a lighter version of Sora's spicy ramen bowl but without the heavy grease of Fukumimu's tan tan men.

Very pleased with food and service- so much so that I went two days in  row.
 Affordable pricing (see receipts in pics). Management visible throughout my visits, interacting with visitors. If this is any indication of an average visit here, they'll have a huge following with a waitlist very soon."
"Like most women, I'm a fan of Target. If the store brand were a band that went on tour, I'd be right up with the rest of them, throwing my panties on stage.

But this location is a little odd. It's right across from Koreatown and when we went around 4PM there were literally seventeen cars in the parking lot. So if you want to avoid a crowd, this might be the one to go to.

However, what is missing in customers is also missing in staff and selection. Store layout is a little odd, and the first thing you see when you walk in is the little food court area- which zero people went to while we were there. The store also lacks a produce department- they would probably increase their customers if they replaced the snack stand with a fresh produce area. But that's my completely unprofessional opinion.

Usually I can spend my weight in cash on the women's fashion department, but here nothing was styled or really on display and nothing caught my eye- a rarity for Target stores.

Found the basic items we needed, at prices we expect for this chain, but was just underwhelmed. Other reviews say this location feels vaguely dirty, and I see what they mean but I can't put my finger on why- it's not physically dirty, but the lighting seems a little dim and the store itself just isn't as cheerful as other locations.

Service was okay- we were stuck in line behind a couple who racked up a $200+ bill but couldn't seem to figure out which combination of credit cards and cash would cover their purchases. Cashier graciously offered to have us check out ahead of them while previous customers got their payment together, but we declined. Throughout our visit, saw staff cleaning and reorganizing, and when we couldn't find specific items they were quick to tell us where to find them."
"An upscale-looking Mexican joint in the questionable part of Main Street? That's El Sombrero! They've received a lot of worthy Yelp love for their brunch and lunch specials- I came for the latter. 

Lunch menu offers several choices. I got the chile relleno, which is a solid vegetarian (but not vegan) option. Add chicken or brisket for an additional charge to make it more hearty (and less vegetarian). Sides of rice and beans were well-done staples, the chile itself was nicely stuffed and blistered- brisket was a good amount but underseasoned. $17 for lunch is a bit steep for a ""special"" but I enjoyed the food and atmosphere.

Interior is a modern black and white scheme with clever Spanish quotes written on the mirrored walls and nice light fixtures. Staff was very welcoming and helpful, takeout order was packed nicely and even included the chips and salsa you usually miss out on by not dining in!

Would try again for brunch. Food is flavorful without being greasy, covered in cheese, or overly spicy like many people expect for Mexican cuisine."
"Cute froyo place, not self-serve but set up more like a Pinkberry where the staff get your yogurt and toppings for you. Pricing was pretty low, but the mini size is the best size for a single person.

Flavors have good variety, about ten total, with some seasonal additions- most recently tried the pumpkin pie and the coffee, preferring the first. Both were a bit drippy and melty when they were being dispensed, and the coffee flavor was oddly flavorless.

Service is friendly, pricing is low, and they have a text club you can join for discounts. Daily schedule of discounts and specials is posted on their door."
"Heads up, the hours listed on Yelp are wrong- they're expanding hours to include weekdays as of January 12! Hallelujah, now you can get your menudo fix any day of the week not just on weekends. However, I believe they'll still be closing at a ridiculously-early time of 4PM, so plan ahead.

The menudo and pozole are the highlights of this menu, both available in rojo or blanco broth- I'm only familiar with red, so that's what I had. There seemed to be minimal difference between the two soups, but I did prefer the menudo.
Unfortunately, maybe because I came in so late (2PM), both orders we received were mostly hominy, bone, and gristle/fat.  BF tossed the pozole, saying it was the greasiest he's ever had, and all of the ""meat"" it contained were pieces of fat. The broth is good, but $10 for good broth is not what I think of when I venture to this side of town.

In addition to the soups, they also offer plates, tacos, and burritos- the beef in verde sauce appears to be another of their specialties. Tortillas and sopes made fresh in house, service is polite and speaks English."
"Delicious, divine dumplings with perfect skins, tons of filling, and a great price. At $7/8-piece order, available in three varieties and three cooks (pan-fried, in soup, or steamed), they are easily the highlight here. The basa fish variety with leeks and ginger are subtle but better steamed than in the soup, which I found bland. The pork and cabbage is best pan-fried to juicy, textured perfection.

But dumplings aren't all they do well here, the more traditional Chinese dishes are also a success. The half roast duck is a generous portion, with a lightly crisped skin and moist, flavorful meat, complemented by a thick, sweet house-made sauce. Lighten up your meal with a side of the garlic eggplant or Chinese broccoli. Will be coming back for garlic spinach, mapa tofu, and Chinese seafood gumbo (the dumplings are a given).

If the food isn't enough to draw you in, this is also a solid place to snag a smoothie or boba: they have 100 options to pick from, and you get a free small on your first visit with Yelp check in! The specialty options with multiple fruits sound to be the best, they even feature an avocado-black sesame version."
"I hadn't been here since the old Gold's Gym days and was surprised to see that nothing has changed. Same layout, no added amenities, limited screens/audio jacks. I guess I thought they'd at least invested in their new property. Unfortunately, this carries over even to the workout classrooms, which lack even the basics like fans- they have a few standing ones they drag over that do nothing to help the limited air circulation, and even the weights are old and in incomplete sets. 

That said, there's a surprisingly strong community vibe here, especially in the cardio dance classes. Unlike other gyms, you will truly see people of all shapes, sizes, and ages here, and there's a welcoming vibe. But that's the only plus I've found (but it is an important one!).

For a basic, no-frills gym, this spot is fine. But my preferred local gym chain is less than a half mile away, charges less ($20 vs $25, no annual fee), and provides more."
"A dog park, a skate park, and a regular park, all in one- plus softball/baseball diamond, soccer fields, basketball courts, my new favorite trail, and even some graffiti art covering various maintenance fixtures! Those are perhaps my favorite part, need to make a special trip here to take and upload photos- you can't miss the Pikachu alongside Desert Inn just past the crosswalk.

I usually come here for a quick trail run- it's a bit disorganized and the trail itself randomly ends going into the street, as if it originally was planned to extend over to the other side at one point? I just take the sidewalk the rest of the way around the perimeter of the park back to the car lots.

Plan ahead and consider coming early or carpooling if meeting a group here- on weekends and late afternoons, the lots are completely full. There's usually space by the waterpark/pool, if you don't mind walking.

Speaking of parking and walking- part of why this park doesn't have a higher rating is the people who come here and their inability to park properly. The dog park area has a red curb and lots of NO PARKING, FIRE LANE signage that is completely ignored, every frickin' day. Dude, if your dog can get around enough to GO to the dog park, they can handle walking across the parking lot.

I won't even get into the Chair People, policing the dog poop and tailgating out of their SUVs for days on end. They need to get up off their butts and find a hobby."
"It feels like I've been waiting forever for the opportunity to dine at Eureka! They opened over 6 months ago and I've consistently heard great things from friends, especially the beer drinkers and downtown residents. Finally made my way in with a group of ladies before catching a show at the Smith Center.

Time your visit for HH, 3-6PM daily- the prices are good and everything we tried from this menu was pretty solid. The fried chicken sliders have mashed potatoes as a topping, which was fun. The glazed brussels sprouts are a good add-on to any meal, more of a side than an app. We especially liked the mac and cheese balls, carbs on carbs yall.

Dinner orders were reasonably priced for the area ($12-17) and well portioned- I don't think anyone finished their meal. The Fresno Fig burger (arugula, goat cheese, fig spread, dijon, bacon) was nicely balanced and appropriately cooked to mid-rare as requested and paired well with the sweet potato fries (separate order, $5). A friend's blackened fish tacos and deviled eggs looked really good too, will have to come back to try more!"
"Grilled Mexican chicken. Don't waste your money on chemicals in El Pollo Loco's franchised nonsense- go here. Basically the same cuisine, except none of those white-ified salads and avocado-based dishes, and none of the chemicals.

These guys literally throw the seasoning on your meat, toss it on the grill in front of you until it smells like straight-up heaven, then serve it with rice, beans, and tortillas. For rock-bottom prices. 

Love their daily specials: Wednesday you can get 12 pieces for like $10, Thursday they offer a 10 piece taquitos deal, etc. That's right: they also do tacos, burritos, and tortas. Everything is well priced, but the chicken is what really shines.

Intro to the salsa bar: not sure it'd bass health code inspection, as the ice has melted to water, but the heat and spice in each sauce probably keeps away both bacteria and the Chupacabra. Suggest the red with chopped veggies and the verde. Be careful of the other red salsa, it might kill your extended family by accident it's so potent."
"I usually prefer to frequent local bakeries for my bagels but occasionally, I'll pop into Einsteins- usually for a promo. Their eclub (Schmear Society) is good about sending discounts and coupons, and their Monday bagel box deal (discounted box) has helped me make morning department meetings less contentious. 

Their regular bagels are a little too soft for me (def request toasted) but I appreciate the selection of flavors and schmears- their Japaleno Salsa flavor has a great kick to it. Their sandwiches are well-portioned and have the option of 1 egg, 2 eggs, or egg whites. Their coffee beverages are hit or miss and about half the time, their espresso machine is down, but at least there's a Starbucks in the same lot if you need your fix."
"I've been here a few times and I like the ambiance and decor, especially the patio, but I'm not consistently wowed by the food or service, which should arguably be the highlights of a restaurant. One networking event had passed apps that focused on bar food like flatbread pizzas, wings, and deviled eggs. They were fine but not memorable. I attended a wine tasting that included access to a Whole Beast Feast (wood fire roasted pig!), which was cool to see and tasty to eat. Returned for HH with a friend and enjoyed the subtle sweetness of the Ricotta toast but loved the tartare bites! Wish we'd ordered a second round of those rather than the unremarkable chickpea chopped salad, which had maybe three chickpeas in it altogether and arrived nearly a half hour after our other dishes. 

The service is what prevents me from rounding this up. At events, servers came across as disinterested and aloof. Most recently, we passed five employees on our trip through the empty restaurant to sit at the bar and not a single one said a word to us. Jocelyn helped us with our order and she was friendly. Then as we left, an employee walked out from the raw bar area, literally crashed right into us, and kept right on walking. It was downright bizarre.

They're currently running a half-off pizza special on Sunday evenings. Maybe I'll try that? I'm confused about why they're emphasizing their pizzas and bar food but going for an upscale vibe, it's uninspired and doesn't really work."
"Gotta love Chinatown when you're in the mood for pho at midnight! This place was open and busy late on a Tuesday night- so you know it must be good. Add to that the hilarity of the restaurant name itself, and you'll know how I ended up there with a snickering group of dudes with a late night appetite.

Our table shared the Vietnamese spring rolls as an appetizer, along with a bowl of pho, the pan fried noodle, and the chicken wraps, all of which were really good. The panfried noodle was a good amount, but I would personally have preferred more veggies and the inclusion of something other than the baby bok choy, such as mushrooms and broccoli. The chicken lettuce wraps were good- more chicken than lettuce, but tasty enough that we didn't mind and much better than the other way around.

Service was a little slow but was efficient. Menu is large, and it took a while to make up our minds- unfortunately my first choice order was the crepe, and I was told they were out. I'm not sure how they'd be out of eggs or how that works, but I guess it just means I'll have to come back another time to have it."
"Found this place via Yelp search after a long day at work, no lunch break, and a killer wing craving- unfortunately, the wings offered here are not buffalo style, as I assume when ordering wings at a pizza place.

Order of wings for one comes with a side of fries (option for regular, curly, or upgrade to onion rings) containing 8-10 pieces per their website. Sauce options are medium, mild, hot, and bbq. The ""hot"" wings are  sauced prior to baking, and overcooked to the point of being dry, sauce itself seems to be sriarcha-based and includes red pepper flakes- a combination I've never seen or heard of on wings. Unpleasant at best, ended up tossing half the order despite my hunger.

Curly fries were decent- then again, they were my only option. Ample portion, would prefer ketchup packets to the weird shot glass of ketchup I actually received, but an order of fries won't make me a repeat visitor.

Location is small but decently clean, cashier was polite. Group of smokers on the patio made for an unpleasant smoke odor- may have been employees as one of the group got up, entered the dining room, went behind the counter and removed a bottled beverage from the cooler, then went outside to drink it, without saying a word to me as I waited to pick up my order. ""Bizarre"" describes both the location and the wings."
"Friendly staff and collectible toys, as far as the eye can see! Everything from WWE and Ninja Turtle action figures (vintage and modern) to Beanie Babies and the largest assortment of collectible Barbies I've seen outside of a flea market. Lots of variety to take you back on a nostalgic trip to your childhood. I especially dig the massive Lego area and the variety of Star Wars merchandise."
"Uh-oh. I think Kinh Do and Dakao have some competition on their hands- the bahn mi here are cheap, huge, and tasty, with an incredible bread! The sandwiches are usually pretty low-priced but the version here is a ""foot long"" - literally two huge halves, double the portion that you get elsewhere, for only a buck or so more. My usual complaint about bahn mi is the lackluster bread- but here, it is fresh baked, fluffy, and beautiful. It almost reminds me of a challah bread. I'm definitely coming back here for more sandwiches, though the selection is a bit limited . Grab the dac biet!

The namesake pho is also a good option- broth was lighter than is typical around town, and meat was an average portion but less fatty than cuts served at other shops. Large and small sizes are offered, typically under $10. Two of us split a large and didn't finish it. I was a bit surprised to see the pho included sliced white onions. Menu has some healthier-sounding options, including a chicken pho and a shrimp version.

The spring rolls were the only item we were slightly less than blown away by- portion of two rolls came nicely plated and generously served with two cups of creamy peanut sauce. However, the filling seemed to be mostly shredded iceberg lettuce with the protein/noodles. Everything was fresh and priced appropriately though ($5).

Service was attentive and friendly- much more so than I'm used to receiving at a Vietnamese place, to be honest. The massive order above was $22 for two before tip, and was enough food to leave an entire roll and half a sandwich for my lunch the following day. I'll be back!"
"Bookmarked this placed based on their claim-to-fame of having the best sandwich in town- as rated by LV Weekly in 2012. Returned a few times for various pizzas, and my verdict is that while the crust is consistently good, items are generally hit or miss.

The ROYAL HOT SUB sandwich was my BF's favorite: Italian sausage, capicola, and mozzarella chopped in two equally enormous halves. Bread didn't seem particularly fresh, both meats were fairly dry to me, and there was no moisture on the sandwich, lending an overall dryness to the whole affair. It worked for my guy, and apparently for the staff at LV Weekly, but it wasn't the best to me. 

SICILIAN WINGS were underwhelming: 50 cent surcharge for this flavor, for reasons unknown. Wings were perfectly cooked to tender and juicy, but lacked flavor. Minimal sprinkle of garlic and parm outside, mostly smaller wings, again they just didn't really do anything for me.

BEEF ON WECK Pizza of the day was not my style but I really appreciated the creativity that went into taking a NY sandwich and creating a pizza version of it; beef on top, horseradish sauce, creamy mozzarella, and a salted/seasoned crust. Flavors are strong and bold, tasty, but not something I'd eat more than a slice of.

FATBOY PIZZA is the bomb though: Cappicola, pepperoni, ham, Italian sausage, crushed tomato, mozzarella cheese, fresh basil and red sauce. It smells amazing and tastes even better, the tomato and basil really add a lot of flavor. I like that though it as several meats, they're distributed in such a way that it's an overwhelming grease bomb like other meaty pizzas. 

 I think I need to leave this place on my list to visit again and try the Guinea pizza when I have a bigger appetite (or perhaps after hitting the gym). I've been mostly underwhelmed by non-pizza options here."
"Location is easy to find, service is great, and I love how simple and straightforward the menu is. BF and I opted for the PBB&J and the Foie& sandwiches, split half and half. Great ingredients put together well, but very indulgent. Perhaps too indulgent.

PBB&J was awesome. Just a smidge too sweet for me, but the red pepper jelly adds an attempt at balance and the rosemary is amazing, adding a great note to the flavors. Just the tiniest bit too much for me. Would be great with a giant jug of white milk to wash it down.

The Foi& is not my kind of sandwich, but I can appreciate it. It IS my Bf's kind of sammy though- he ate it up, making happy noises. The foie is perfect, the pate is overflowing and gushing out of the sandwich (again, appreciated but a bit too much for me), and the flavors go together nicely. However, it was just too much. Rich, indulgent, fatty, nothing to balance it out. Maybe adding a tiny bit of acidity and crunch would be nice? Or having a suggested side option that balances it out every few bites? I appreciate it for what it is but it isn't for me.

Portions are giagantic, value is good both for size and quality of ingredients. Service was great, they checked on us repeatedly as we dined. I liked the old-school bottled sodas, we opted for a 7-Up, which went well with the sandwiches. I can put away quite a bit of food but only had about 1/3rd of each, and it was more than enough for me."
"I'm always down for more Vegan options, and Baan's a great one, serving various Thai dishes outside of a nice second-floor space in the busy Asian Pacific plaza. I've only grabbed takeout, which is conveniently linked through the Eat24 app.

The vegan menu is extensive, and my first choices were a fried tofu larb with veggie crispy rolls. The larb had a great dressing, with fresh and crunchy veggies and ample tofu. The rolls were packaged in a cardboard folding box to keep it from getting soggy. Looking forward to trying their curries and various rice dishes next time- a friend is a big fan of their avocado curry and crab fried rice, so that'll probably be my next order."
"Very clean and organized store- bonus star for having teacher discounts for items used in organizing classrooms! Not sure if this is a special sale due to Teacher Appreciation Week or a discount that can be used throughout the year with proper ID.

Store itself is, predictably, organized to the max.
Fell in love with a pull-out desk, and I don't even NEED a desk! Love the little décor touches sprinkled throughout the store, making the furniture and displays look much more realistic than the pictures in the catalogs.

Service seems like it could be stellar- the ELFA section in particular even has light up buzzers like what you get when waiting for your table at a restaurant, which I assume come into play when you're waiting to work with a specialist one on one.
However, despite wandering the store for nearly half an hour collecting a basket of items to organize my bathroom, I was only ever spoken to by the guy who checked me out as I left."
"FINALLY made it in to try the famous pho dip sandwich and the shrimp po'boy. Heads up that this place is closed on Fridays- crossed town twice on that unlucky day before finally swinging in for lunch with my guy.

The Pho Dip sandwich is the star of the menu, and for good reason: it's thick with meat, perfectly balanced with the right amount of veggies, and the genius bowl of pho au jus for dipping makes the whole thing magic. Add in the house-made furikake chips and you're set for a giant meal you won't want to share.

But if you aren't flying solo, I suggest splitting the Szechuan shrimp po-boy as well: it's a great value with tons of crispy shrimp and a great spicy mayo on a fresh baguette. It's simplicity is perfect.

If you're really feelin' dangerous, try the Bulletproof Monk coffee- AKA coffee blended with butter and oil for a long-lasting energy buzz and proported fat-burning benefits. It's part of the keto diet, if you're into that sort of thing. 

Service is friendly, menu has many other tasty-sounding items (flatbreads, salads, dragon-breath fries?!), and the simple, clean restaurant is the perfect showcase to allow their tasty food to be the star. Love the Buddha beer bamboo plants- might have to snag one next time I go in! ;)"
"Didn't stay as a guest, but did visit for the evening to check out the Pin Up show- which I was nearly late for due to the clusterduck that is their parking system. Someone needs to get on fixing that up, stat.

Drove up, pulled in where it said to drive through for self-parking only to sit in a line of taxis. No employees directing traffic. Finally found the Self-Park signage/arrows, only to be unable to get to that area. After looping around twice, I follow the arrow only to enter an exit into the parking garage. Luckily I immediately ran into an employee who told me how to get around and to the third floor.

Only to follow the directions and head straight into oncoming traffic, since I was still going the wrong way. Essentially, the guy directed me to the exit. Looped around a third time, and all the openings to the garage that I could find whiel following the signage and the printed arrows on the ground, directed me to DO NOT ENTER spaces.

Finally I pulled a U-ie and went in the one actual entrance, and found a spot. Which was roughly 20 minutes later, and only after getting harassed by a loud screaming guy in a white Escalade who followed me with his high beams on yelling at me going the wrong way-- even though, as I said, I was following the signs and the white arrows on the ground, and was even encountering stop signs, but couldn't ever find an entrance to the garage."
"Poke has come for the UNLV crew! This place has a slightly more traditional vibe: they hand mix your fish with sauce, have less frou-frou toppings to add on, and offer specials like garlic shrimp for those who aren't fond of raw fish. Pricing is comparable to other similar spots, with a slightly larger portion size than is typical.

My large bowl (3 proteins, $12) was a large and filling lunch. The fish was fresh, and their house spicy sauce was tasty but not spicy. I like that they include crab in the bowls without counting it as a protein. As a major plus, they have fried garlic, which is one of my favorite toppings. I can't say I'll necessarily be a regular, but it's better than the options across the street!"
"Prosecco is a beautiful Italian restaurant, with a sun-drenched dining room and large booths for seating, and a glassed-in kitchen where you can watch the chefs hand-pulling pasta. Their welcoming patio makes me pine for cooler fall weather to return for HH, but we came for lunch.

They have a menu of lunch specials, which are slightly smaller portions at a couple bucks off of their dinner menu prices. We opted instead to order from the dinner menu, allowing us to try the octopus carpaccio and burrata apps- both were super fresh and beautifully plated, easily could have been my entire meal. We also shared the Fettuccini Tocco entree, featuring handmade rosemary infused pasta with braised short ribs in a red wine and plum tomato sauce. Even split, portion was large an though the meat was fork-tender the dish itself was somehow one-note as though missing something. We also had the semifreddo dessert with salted caramel sauce, which was one of the more interesting desserts I've tried at an italian restaurant. Glad they offer options beyond cannoli and tiramisu!

Though we were overall happy with our meal and the quality of food, the service was not quite up to par. Hostess greeted and seated us and the bartender/runner got our drinks and checked on us throughout the meal, they were great. Our actual server didn't make an appearance til 10 minutes after our arrival, at which point we were debating leaving. We never got an explanation for his absence and I also never caught his name, but he was overly casual for the price point and setting, doing the bare minimum. I suspect Nichole C and I had the same server. This makes me hesitant to return for dinner."
"I've had this spot bookmarked for ages and finally got the chance to try it for breakfast on Bethany E's birthday! We came at opening to ensure patio seating, highly recommend as a wait can get long and the interior is dark and masculine- great for dinner, not so much for brunch.

We tried the Chicken, Apple, and Brie Crepes- great mix of flavors with the acidity from the apple, the salty creaminess of the cheese, and the savory of the meat, all wrapped in a lovely, thin crepe and served with a small side salad. We also tried a daily special, an Eggs Benedict dish with chicken and wilted spinach with chive Hollandaise, served with a side of frites. The eggs were perfectly cooked, the English muffin base wasn't too difficult to cut, and the frites were thin, crispy, and just a touch salty. Both dishes were about $15, large portion size good for sharing.

Service was great, though unfortunately I didn't catch our server's name. The patio is a beautiful spot for breakfast, great for people-watching, too. At 7AM in early July, it wasn't too hot but they do have umbrellas spaced out for shade.  Everything was so well-executed, I am hoping to return for dinner service (escargot and steak frite!) soon.

NOTE: You cannot reserve seating on the patio, it is first come first serve. Reservations (available through Open Table) only get you inside dining seating. I understand, but I'm not a fan. Maybe having a short 5-10 min grace period to hold patio table with reservation would be a better option."
"Came here for HH for a friend's birthday- the focus is definitely on the wine and whiskey, and the food is secondary so plan on a meal ahead of time or opt for the cheese or charcuterie plates. Location is large but maintains an intimate atmosphere and service puts them a step above other options in the area.

We shared a bunch of appetizers but nothing stood out as especially good- the tacos got raves from some in our group while the arancini stood out to others, but the taquitos, fried olives, and stuffed pepper dishes were not something I'd order again.

Our group of 6 was welcomed by Michael, an owner or manager who is crazy-nuts about wine. He came over and let us sample one of his favorite pinot noirs, not yet available on the menu, and spoke with us extensively about it- his passion for wine was palpable, and is a large part of why I'll be recommending this spot to other winos."
"All this time I thought this chain was a bargain grocery store. Luckily, a coworker schooled me and into Savers I went- huge selection of clothing, accessories, books, and home decor, not to include furniture. 

Clothing is a bit dated (they are donations), but they carry all seasons at all times and buying off-season seems to net a bit more quality. I was impressed with the media selection of books and videos, with organized categories for adults and kids, many books are relatively recent and popular. Pricing is also good too: they offer buy-4-get-one-free and most books are under $4, including hardbacks. Low-priced jewelry selection available by registers, most items not quite my style but $2-5 for earrings is not a bad deal at all. 

Service was friendly, upon checkout cashier asked if I had any coupons- when donating you get discounts of up to 30% on next purchase!"
"If brisket is your first menu item, and the most expensive, I will drive 30 miles out of my way to give you a try. The brisket wasn't their best item on the menu, but I'd keep Bell's in mind if I were on this side of town again.

Menu features the choice of a meat plate (8oz with two sides, house-made pickles, and Texas toast) or a sandwich, and you can add on additional meats (~4oz?), as they don't have multi-meat combo plates. Sides of mac and greens were just okay.

PORK BELLY: The highlight. Was surprised to see it on the menu, but it ended up being the best thing. Tender, falling apart, juicy, and full of flavor. Wish I'd just ordered this!
BRISKET: Close, but no cigar. Nicely seasoned with visible smoke ring, but the meat itself was dry and hard in spots. I suspect this is because it wasn't all that fresh, being that they're new and not quite so busy yet. I'd give this another try on a future visit.
PULLED PORK: No. This was the oddest meat in the meal, cut into odd pieces and drowning in sauce, portion also seemed smaller than the others. Meat was very tender but sauce was overly sweet, did not care for this at all.
RIBS: Got the St. Louis style, add-on. They're large and meaty, but BF found them a bit too fatty for his liking. I'd get them again, but kind of wish they came sauced, as the cups provided for takeout make it an odd fit for dipping the bone without making a mess. Pleasantly surprised with these!

DESSERTS. I'm not big on desserts, but I couldn't resist the cute jar presentation! Opted for the cashier's favorite, the S'mores. The graham cracker crust bits were on the clumpy side, but the rich, chocolately mousse tasted just like hot chocolate and the browned marshmallow fluff on top was nicely subtle.

Service was welcoming and friendly, interior is clean and modern with country décor touches- love the strands of lights above the dining room! Rounding up for potential, will come back as they get settled in and work out the kinks."
"If you can find a parking spot in this plaza, Pho 90 seems like it would be your fastest dining option being that they're entirely empty every time I've been in. Yet, as other reviews state, wait times are a bit lengthy.

Most recently came by to pickup takeout.  After a 20 minute drive I waited 10 more minutes- only after a considerable back and forth with the staff trying to confirm my identity before providing my order. Signal in the building is intermittent and I could not pull up my confirmation number, but it was their only takeout order at the time and I knew both the items ordered and the name it was under, and could provide ID, but had to wait til I could get enough signal to visually show them the receipt. Apparently they'd recently been scammed out of 2 orders. 

In any case, food is just average. The Bo Bun Hue and other soups are a good sized portion and I like that they pack it with extra bean sprouts, fresh herbs, lime, spices, etc with noodles and meat separate for travel, but meat is minimal and extra spices wouldn't be necessary if the broth had the right depth of flavor. When dining in, even their house spicy chili crisp isn't as flavorful as elsewhere. Spring rolls and previous bahn mi purchases have also been similarly ""a-ok,"" lacking the punch of flavor that comes from fresh herbs."
"I initially blew off Umiya due to the location. It's so close to the Strip, I figured half the high ratings were due to tourists from landlocked midwestern cities trying AYCE sushi for the first time without any frame of reference. A friend pulled me aside and told me to check myself, and insisted I go try it ASAP.

And the reviews are right, this place is awesome. I'm happy to eat my words, along with a large assortment of apps, small plates, grilled items, skewers, nigiri, rolls, and desserts. The menu has nearly anything you could ask for, and everything was done well from the baby octopus skewers to the macaron desserts and all the sushi rolls in between. The rolls, and particularly the sauces, are where they stand above the crowd of other options in Vegas- try anything with the unique tangy sauce. Favorite rolls include the King of the Ocean and the Orange Blossom.

The tasty food comes with funky izakaya style decor and incredibly attentive service: they use a team approach, so anyone nearby will ask if you want to add any orders. Dishes were whisked away within seconds of the food atop them being consumed, drinks never got less than a two thirds full, sushi came out within a couple of minutes of being ordered, and everyone had a great attitude and a smile. 

In a city with so many sushi options that come and go or vary based on who is working behind the counter, Umiya is my new go-to. Whether you are going with traditionalists who order nigiri exclusively or those who love rolls or even one of those weirdos who don't like sushi at all, this spot will satisfy them all."
"Beach-fresh seafood in a food court?! Insert record-skip sound effect here. Saw the signage when I went in to grab takeout, and grabbed a menu. Visited within a week to check them out and have already been back again for more.

Despite being in a casual food court, counter is nicely decorated with beachy knick knacks and paper-covered tables, and service brings your food out instead of calling for you. Food portions are hearty and everything I've had has been fresh. They also have a drive-thru pickup window and offer online ordering.

Crab Nachos: A heap of fresh tortilla chips covered in warm, cheesy crab dip and jalapenos. This was a heavy dish and the fresh-fried chips were a little greasy but this was surprisingly enjoyable. Best for a group.
Shrimp Poboy: Got the mild spice shrimp with this and it was a good heat level. I'd probably just go with the regular shrimp in the future though, and wish they offered a soft shell crab version. Large portion I couldn't finish, maybe ask for sauces on the side to it holds up better.
Fish Tacos: I wasn't wild about this. $8 order comes with a pair of tacos and a handful of plain chips, no salsa for dipping or topping and sauce used is minimal. Also, the fish is grilled and I think fried may be a better option. Filling portion though, and topped with tons of fresh cabbage and cilantro. 

Service has been friendly and food has been fresh across all visits. I still plan to come back for the crab cakes, fish & chips and the mussels. Covered outdoor seating available for nice weather!"
"During the fall, I will go slightly out of my way to step on a crunchy-looking leaf. Similarly, when I'm looking for healthy eats, I will go out of my way to come to this G&P location over the one by 215 and Flamingo- better product and service all the way around, totally redeemed the brand after my dismal visits to the other location!

Menu is packed with healthy options and every single item has the macros listed: calories, carbs, fats, and proteins, making my life so much easier. Standout items include any/all of the salads (particularly the ahi), and my guy digs the ostrich burger (don't forget the bbq sauce!). Love how you can customize everything, whether adding products to the shakes or ingredients to the salads (the tofu is perfect) or opting for a gluten free bun or cabbage wrap for your burgers/sandwiches. 

Location never seems to get too busy but is conveniently located. Staff are attentive, outgoing, and genuinely nice guys happy to make recommendations. Going to try the protein pancakes next!"
"Apparently the term ""liquidation center"" is a euphemism for full-time garage sale, judging by the way this place is run. I use the term ""run"" loosely, as this is basically someone's hoarded junk shoved into a space in a plaza, with the occasional price written on in sharpie.

The store is very generally organized, with sports and outdoors goods in one corner, some linens and kids toys in another aisle, random seasonal goods in the front, bulk blinds in the back, and some TVs on display - all showing action movies at ear-splitting volume. 

This is the only time in memory that I considered my safety before entering an aisle- products are literally shoved on shelves and piled on top of one another, with no regard for display or maintaining the integrity of the packaging (if there even is any). The back area in particular, with blinds, looks like it could topple over and cause an avalanche if you try to touch anything.

I'm sure if you hunt, there's probably a bargain to be found. The products I discovered were dated and slightly overpriced considering they seemed possibly used. I found it very curious that there are a ton of security cameras throughout the store- is this to monitor in case someone has an accident? Surely there's nothing here worth stealing, and it doesn't seem like there are many customers, either."
"Had our employee holiday party here- staff was great about organizing our event on short notice! Location is decorated on a Dia de los Muertos theme with rustic wooden benches and chairs, and hanging lanterns. 

Food was solid: variety of nachos, taquitos, quesadillas, and enchiladas available, along with churros for dessert. As for the drinks,  the sangria has an interesting spice to it but the margaritas were the major hit of the evening.

Not a place I'd rush back to, but nice and dark for a quiet date night or some late night snacks and drinks with friends. It's a bit out of the way for me, personally. Experience having an event here was a positive one."
"Location is clean, service is polite and prompt. I like how they use blue film covers over the fluorescent overhead lighting to keep it from being too harsh, gives the dining room almost a lounge atmosphere.

But the food.
Salt and pepper calamari order was $7 for 14 grease-soaked pieces, without any salt or pepper. Very bland, only tasted like grease, served with cups of sweet and sour sauce? Best part was the random pieces of fried carrot used as garnish.

The ""special combination"" bahn mi, with a smiley-face next to it on the menu, was a huge disappointment. Meat was all stacked on one end of the sandwich. I opened it up to distribute it evenly, only to find several blackened pieces of meat- the type of coloration that looks like food that has gone bad, not blackened from cooking. Picked out several pieces, then bit in, only to encounter some crazy spicy sauce or seasoning that was so strong it made my eyes water. All I could see were jalapenos (one piece on the entire sandwich?), and I don't mind those.

 This place may be right next to my gym, and the pho may be delicious, but I will not be coming back. If you can't reliably serve unspoiled cooked meat on your sandwiches, I am not going to trust the meat cooked in your soups."
"I'll admit, it was a little intimidating to come in here after scoping out their social media pages and seeing tons of bodybuilders and fitness fanatics giving them accolades. I love a good sweat fest, but I am not dedicated to it as a career. Luckily, the staff are friendly and the menu has options to satisfy just about anyone who walks in and simply wants something a bit healthier than the average meal out.

The Breakfast Smoothie is not on the menu any longer, but an awesome start to the day with your choice of base (whole, fat free, or almond milk), plus natural peanut butter, strawberry, banana, and coconut flakes- pretty similar to what I make on my own, but a safe option for your first trip over here. 

Other favorites include the protein pancakes and their various bison dishes- looks to be best in their burgers. They also currently have a Yelp check-in discount offer for $1 off a protein shake or juice- stop by before or after your next LVAC workout!"
"There is just way too much going on here. Massive restaurant with multiple seating areas (yet spotty service) and a gigantic menu that spans several cuisines- none of them particularly strong. This may be a decent-enough option for all-hours dining on the Strip, but as a local, it's not a place I'll seek out to revisit.

The killer shrimp and grits dish I experienced at a Yelp event fell flat when I came back and received a bland, boring version with cold, flavorless shrimp. The duck wings are a delight, but the regular wings were dry and unappetizing. The prime rib philly was the only version of prime rib I've ever seen my guy refuse to take more than a few bites of: it was overly salty, tough, and generally not appealing. The drinks were okay, they just took our entire meal to get.

All in all, I'm not impressed. Pare down the menu, retrain your servers, and try again. If I'm in the area in need of a quick, tasty bite, I'll be heading to Shake Shack instead... and it's not because I'm a big burger fan."
"I'm a fan! Especially of their asada- one tortilla, guac, and char; simple and delicious. Their $2/taco rate is fair for the amount of meat they stuff in these babies. I do wish they'd add an actual salsa bar, but being able to get fresh-grilled peppers and onions is always a nice perk.

Like I said, the asada is my preference here at Taco TJ. The suadero is nice and spicy, the al pastor lacked the crispy bits and pineapple I was craving, and the lengua could have been a bit softer. Note that lengua here goes for $2.25. Have yet to try the tripas.

Props to the staff for being quick and helpful- they had no problem packing and labeling our massive order. Though I don't live nearby, I like that they are open til 1AM. Follow them on social media for alerts about their sales and discounts."
"Accio coffee! Made it by for soft-opening weekend and I love how well they executed the Harry Potter theme without making it gimmicky. I think playing the soundtrack would be a fun touch, but that might be overkill. Service was friendly and I like the fun menu options for butterbeer, lavender, pistachio, and grapefruit-ginger flavored lattes. They also have a pour over and nitro cold brew options for those who fancy themselves coffee purists. 

I tried the iced mint mojito latte and found it less strong and more milky than I'd expected- didn't quite hit the spot for my Philz craving, but will definitely pop by again to see how they improve as they settle in. Oh, and no need to use your Wingardium Leviosa spell- they'll bring your drink to your table when it's ready!

They currently have a few pastry options and croissants to munch on, hoping they add a food menu as time goes on: pumpkin pasties, anyone?! Mischief managed. ;)"
"Great location: accessible in the busy GVR area while being set apart in a back building where you can actually find parking! They're also right down the way from Cyclebar, where I get in a couple workouts a week. I find myself grabbing a drink here every couple of rides as a treat.

Their bottled drinks are in high-quality glass containers that help to justify the $10 price tag, if knowing the details about cold-press, organic, non-HPP, etc doesn't sway you. For the quality and flavor, I'd say they're competitively priced but still remain a splurge for me. The Gin & Juice, Carrot Top, and Threesome are all humorously-named and well-balanced. They've also recently added smoothies and some light food items (acai bowls and salads). 

I don't know if I'll ever really be a regular here but I can appreciate what Pressed provides and make a point of popping in to try their new flavors and specialty products when I can."
"When I found Jolly Beans Inspirada, I loved it- my only complaint was the location. Now, they've brought their coffee to my side of town in the old Camille by Manon location!

 Location is clean and modern, with tons of windows and sunshine. Drinks include iced and hot coffees and teas, as well as smoothies (mango is my favorite!) and boba. Currently they have lunch wraps and salads available but rumor has it they're bringing their vegan menu, too- for now I'll just keep eating their buffalo chicken salad. 

Interior has a lot of seating, service is fast and friendly. They have a drive thru if you're in a hurry and they offer a happy hour with drink discounts. Hoping they make more fresh pastries as they settle in, as this location seems to have a larger kitchen.

TIP: Take advantage of their buy-one-get-one-25%-off discount for their soft opening (through July 6)."
"The cafe space inside The Center has finally reopened as Little Rainbow Cafe- fitting name for the setting, apparently same ownership as MTO Cafe but with a smaller menu of coffees, toasts, salads, and smoothies to fit the smaller kitchen space. Love the smaller price tags too- very affordable, think $5 toasts and beverages, vegan items available.

The Bravo toast (avo, bacon, watermelon radish) and a hazelnut latte were my go-to for their first day. I'm champing at the bit for them to release the Rainbow Latte they've been promoting on social media, but it's definitely a place I see myself revisiting (for the PBJ one Elizabeth was raving about!) so not worries about that."
"I haven't been to Italy but I have been to Eataly Boston, and when I saw the double-decker glass and steel exterior, I got excited for this location to open because it looked so much bigger. It's an optical illusion though, as the high ceilings and glass give a spacious effect but it's still a lot of counters crammed into one area. Worth a visit to check out, especially if you've never been, but scale back your expectations.

PROS:
+ It's gorgeous. Well designed in terms of appearance, as stated above.
+ Charcuterie seems to be the best bet, they are well sourced and beautifully presented with accompaniments. The Lavazza coffee was also amazing, prepared correctly.
+ Decent amount of seating, though how crowded it gets obviously depends on your visit.
+ Pretty large selection for the space, with one sit-down restaurant (two more to come), and something like nine counters to order from, with alcohol to snacks to full meals, coffee, and dessert. 
+ Pricing is sky high (more on that below) but locals thankfully get 20% off most items with NV ID. Garage parking free for the first hour.

CONS:
- Inconsistent, at least on my visit. Pizzas ordered from two different counters had visually similar crusts but one was so hard and thick it was nearly inedible while the other was nearly Neopolitan style wet and neither were great.
- Despite ordering several (9?) items as a group to share, only one thing wowed me. Given the hype about this place, that's a distressing ratio.
- Items that underwhelmed would have been better with minor tweaks, such as serving the famed prime rib sandwiches hot rather than cold (who wants unmelted cheese?) and dry (need I say more?) and pastries that were stingy with the cream filling or fruit, rather than indulgent.
- Pricing is sky high even compared to other Eataly locations, all of which are in prime real estate in their respective cities. Expect +$3-10 difference, which is steep (and almost seem to be making up for the local discount ""loss"", ie $5.80 vs $7.90 for a millefeuille and thus a 40% markup for tourists). The local discount barely brings prices to an acceptable level IMO.
- I can clearly see glass cups and fountain water available but no one is willing to serve it, wanting to instead sell bottled or alcoholic options. Not a fan of the nickel and diming when I'm clearly already making a purchase.
- Service is all over the place. The nicest person I encountered was a busser, while there were cashiers who took 5 minutes to ring up an order and didn't know how to apply the local discount. General lack of attention to detail (charcuterie served without bread, no utensils provided, only one item of two discounted) seemed to be a consistent theme.

TIPS:
Again, scale back those expectations and bring your NV ID or befriend a local for that discount. Come as a group to sample multiple items, share, and carpool to avoid parking fees. Bring your own beverage (or hell, even grab Starbucks on site) if you're not planning to drink (though I hear their cocktails and wine are solid). If you're the type to take food photos, go during the day for the natural lighting as the warm-toned evening lighting is insufficient and unflattering."
"If you dream of running into Zac Morris and AC Slater, this is the place to stake out. I know other folks refer to the Sahara location as the ""Saved by the Bell"" gym but this one takes the cake- décor is straight out of 1982 with neon lights, seafoam green accents, and guys in sweatbands.

The other oddly-dated thing about this place is the lack of females. I haven't yet made it in to a cardio class, but when I drop in just to use the equipment, there's like a 36:1 dude-to-lady ratio, no exaggeration. In some ways I like that, everyone here is focusing on their fitness and leaving one another alone."
"I drove by several times before I decided to check this place out- Vegas is not known for having great BBQ, and parking your truck in a lot by a strip club wasn't exactly a ringing endorsement for great eats. But their smoked meats are damn good.

WINGS: 10 big meaty wings for $12. They're smoked for flavor with your choice of sauce. The BBQ + Buffalo combo was a nice spicy-sweet combo that I really enjoyed. I'd get these again as my meal, they were so good.
RIBS: Nicely priced at $12 for 5 big thick bones, served with fries. The sauce they use is a little sweeter than I usually prefer but was still pretty good. These ribs were full of flavor and a huge portion size for the price. Very tender, nice pull.
BRISKET SANDWICH: THe real test for me, a Texan. I specifically requested a thicker marbled cut, and got it, thankfully. The sando is piled with an ample amount of meat and typically served with sauce and coleslaw, which I got on the side. The meat itself is good and the sandwich held up well with a sturdy pretzel roll bun. I would prefer the option to have white bread, pickles, and onions, but that may just be personal preference.

Pricing is really good for the portion sizes and quality you get, likely because they lack overhead by being a truck. Hours are open late on weekends, and if you call/text ahead you'll get a discount. We'll be back for sure."
"Dancing is not one of my skills. I can hang in a gym class where there's an instructor modeling what to do, but social dancing? No thanks. But I'm dating a guy who likes to dance, and we're always looking for new and fun date ideas, so I signed us up for one of Sophia's Thursday night dance classes, courtesy of Mickie Choi's Meetup group- note that the first class you attend is free. 

The class focused on Salsa, but we were told they feature a different dance style each week and have monthly offsite outings to practice in a social setting. Sophia was professional as an instructor, giving clear directions and feedback, and breaking the group into rotating pairs with time to practice. I do appreciate that our group was offered a discount on the package rates for coming in.

However, the facility itself is somewhat run down with messy bathrooms and storage junk thrown in corners. The class schedule available by the door did not match the class schedule info we were given verbally, so perhaps it is outdated. The class we actually took ended promptly but did not start on time, which is a pet peeve of mine if you are looking to sign me up as a paying client."
"I understand this spot is small and new- but when Guy Savoy puts his name on it, I expect better. I'm not a pastry expert, but the menu is small and specialized so each item should be well executed, and I did not find this to be the case.

The BRIONINI (panini made using brioche bread) comes in three varieties, I tried the ""proscuitto, tomato, and cheese"" ($13)- maybe it was the bread type, or maybe it was the grill not being hot enough, but the bread was so soft that the only thing making it a panini was the grill imprints. Flavors worked well together, but the proscuitto seemed more like deli ham than any proscuitto I've tried. 

Grabbed a trio of the beautiful sweet  and savory brioche (3/$13)- the peanut butter and jelly was totally plain as if I was given the wrong one, bacon cheese and jalapeno tasted like a mouthful of grease?, Nutella and banana recommended by cashier was generous with the chocolate but covered up any hint of fruit. They were all nicely flaky but SOOO greasy.  A short walk to eat them and the cardboard box was coated with oily film- perhaps the dough was under-kneaded? We did not finish any of them.

For such simple fare, I expected better execution, especially given the price point. I'd hesitate to come back for even a simple croissant and coffee until they've had time to improve. Darrin was especially friendly during my visit but the namesake brioche was not up to par."
"Henderson is finally seeing a surge of boba options, and Teason seems to be hitting all the right spots with a healthy roster of regulars. I initially came in for their grand opening BOGO special and was decently impressed enough to return when working in the area.

Their Lychee Peachee and Sea Salt Black Coffee are both solid, but my heart belongs to the Chamango slushie. Their boba, when it's in stock, is the right texture with good chew and just a touch of sweetness. I tend to only put this in drinks that are less sweet to begin with, though.

Location is tiny but cute. Mixed feelings about the drinks being served in bottles, but it's a plus if you're doing a grab and go. Props for having almond milk available as a non-dairy option!"
"This side of town was sorely needing good coffee (other than Dunkin Donuts).  It's a walk-up/drive-thru, but it works.

The great attitude found at Dutch Bros is almost unmatched for the area. They'll send extra employees out to expedite if the walk-up line is more than a few people. Fast and friendly, too.

Vegas-smart menu also has smoothies, frappes, and other cold summer-friendly options, both caffeinated and non. Try the cocomo!

AND they're open 24/7."
"Though clear across town for me, I've come in a couple of times to catch up with friends over coffee. Their drink menu is extensive with a couple of smaller food options, from avocado toast to pastries. They also offer an evening HH weekdays 4-6 with wine and cheese discounts, which I'll have to come back for.

Flavored lattes and their Vietnamese iced coffee have all been well executed and not too sweet. The aforementioned avocado toast and their lattice spinach-cheese pastry make good light bites for breakfast. The seating areas here are cozy for conversation and service is polite without being intrusive. WiFi available for those who want to come in to get some work done."
"It feels like I've been waiting ages for Goodwich to move into their new location! Don't get thrown off by the address, it's in the ground floor of Soho Lofts, but you have to turn on Hoover to find it. Try to snag street parking.

PBB&J: peanut butter + pepper jam + bacon. A bit too sweet for me but I really like the red pepper jelly. Definitely needs a glass of milk to go down.
BLTG: bacon + greens + good tomato + grits. Subbing greens for lettuce made this more mushy and less fresh than standard BLTs, but in a good way. The bacon cheddar grits really take this to the next level. 
FALAFEL: green pea falafel + chickpea puree + kale slaw + cucumber. One of the closest things to a vegan option, but I think the slaw has feta? Super tasty, super fresh, easily my go-to order. 
SIDES: Not their forte. The quinoa was okay, but the cauliflower ""tabbouli"" was just hard textures and not much flavor. I am not a chip fan, but they remained uneaten on the tables around me. 

Portions are large, service is friendly, but food took a little longer to come out than expected. Seemed like wait time was longer than at their previous, smaller location. That said, I like the open kitchen and will be back. They have a daily HH, brew Mothership coffees, and offer desserts. Breakfast, beer, and wine are coming soon!"
"Frankie's is a small family-run pizza joint slightly north of the Eastern-215 area. The service is super friendly and the newly-remodeled interior was decorated festively for the holiday season. A friend recommended this spot for a grab and go slice option, but I changed my order up on seeing the meatball sliders on the menu. 

Garlic knots plus meatballs equals amazing. Fact. Frankie's version is bomb, with an entire halved ball on each of two thick, garlicky knots, covered with melty cheese and served with a cup of extra sauce for dipping. There's so much love and flavor in those two little sliders and they make a perfect lunch or a shared app. Eventually I'll try the actual pizza, but for now the sliders have my heart."
"Just left this office and I've never been so impressed by a dental visit before!
New patient paperwork was minimal, wait time was barely enough to read 2 pages of my book, and I was introduced to Anita- the cheerful, friendly, and professional dental assistant with who I would spend the majority of my visit. 

Anita was downright bubbly and made an effort to get to know me as a person while also maintaining professionalism, explaining every procedure she was going to do, and giving additional dental info tidbits to help keep my teeth as healthy and attractive as possible. Dr. Ozaki was also super professional and made sure to go over my concerns before moving on, making it very clear that he could always be reached in the event of an emergency. Anita mentioned she has worked for Dr. Ozaki for decades, which I think speaks volumes about their level of professionalism and patient care.

Ultimately spent just over an hour here including xrays, cleaning, and scheduling additional work for a chipped tooth. Front desk staff were super helpful at answering some questions about my dental insurance coverage and went out of their way to look up pricing to replace a retainer. Super impressed with the staff here, and that's what will keep me coming back."
"I haven't been to any of the Galaxy Theaters in town until this one recently opened at the Boulevard Mall. Ticket prices are reasonable for a luxury theater at $10.25 matinee and $12.75 evening for adults. Pick seats upon ticket purchase, food and drink menu (including alcohol) available at on-site bar and in auditoriums.

Location was clean, sound and video were fine for my movie. Auditoriums are fairly intimate, with reclining seats and attached table trays. Briefly interacted with management to refund tickets when my date and I both accidentally purchased, transaction was quick and Michael followed up with us after the movie as well, which was a nice touch.

TIP: Go on Tuesdays for $6.50 movies. Park around back of mall to directly access theater. Reward program available."
"Chocoholics, rejoice! Chocolatier Jin has expanded to the SW side of town with a larger location and more menu offerings than her original spot in the Container Park. JinJu Chocolates is more than just a chocolate shop- in addition to her toffees, truffles, turtles, caramels, clusters, and bonbons, you can now add baked goods, cakes, and coffees to the list of indulgences! 

Some of my favorite items include her seasonal specials (pumpkin spice truffle!) but I keep finding myself getting the chocolate chip cookies and the turtles, which are always good. Newer items exclusive to this location, like the almond croissants and cake slices, are always worth a try. I personally can't resist anything PBJ flavored,  either. The boxes are great gift options, and they also do custom baskets.

I've found the staff to be helpful and friendly, and I really like how cute and welcoming the decor is, especially the chocolate dripping down the walls and local art."
"Came to The Ride with a group of coworkers for an after school sweat sesh- Sarah's Thursday afternoon class had a throwback theme and despite our different ability levels, we all enjoyed ourselves and felt we got a great workout.

The Ride studio is beautiful- bright, modern, clean, and colorful, with every amenity. There are lockers, a bottle refill station, Malin + Goetz toiletries, extra hair ties and deodorant spray, makeup counters, and showers for your before/after workout needs. The cycle studio is tiered so everyone has a view of the instructor and stage, with a great sound and lighting system. Shoes are provided at the desk, bikes are adjusted before class start, and staff were great about introducing themselves and helping us around for our first visit.

The class itself was nicely varied with speed and endurance tracks, an arms track with weights, and ample stretch time. The class here seemed longer than others (not a bad thing, 50min)  but Sarah's positive attitude kept us motivated. 

TIPS: Sign up for your first ride free using code FREERIDE at checkout. If you get a membership, per-class prices are greatly reduced. They have a Yelp check-in offer for a package discount, too! Before committing yourself to a recurring monthly fee, try their 2 week trial ($50)! Follow their social media accounts for info about theme rides (Justin VS Britney, Ariana Grande & Sia, Beyonce, etc)."
"Sunny Kitchen perfectly captures it's name: warm yellow walls, homey service, and classic eats like you're dining at a friend's house. The menu spans all variety of Asian from the Korean bibimbap (my fave) and bulgogi to Japanese sushi rolls and yakisoba, as well as other influences like Hawaiian-style mac salad as an option for your bento box.

Family-owned spot is tucked into a plaza where you might not notice it otherwise, but new signage and window film should hopefully attract more drive-by attention. I was the only customer on both of my recent visits, but they appear to do a fair amount of takeout service.

Favorite dishes so far are the bibimbap (mix in that gochujang!) and the bento boxes (because I'm so indecisive)- the spicy pork is actually spicy, the spicy tuna in the rolls is too (noticing a theme?), and the tempura is super fresh. Most of the sauces appear to be made in house, and a quick glance at the open kitchen makes it clear they don't take shortcuts with your order."
"Came to Layla when my stylist, Tayler, moved here. The location is in the same plaza as Hummus Factory and Eatt. Gorgeous decor, open layout, welcoming feel, with drinks available. Brittney greeted me and did the check in process, then I got my hair service done with Taylor- she's great, especially with blonde hair. The products they use here are vegan and smell great, forgot the name of the line, though. 

I liked the personalized service at Layla, and my hair looks great. Their prices are a bit higher than I was expecting but there is a first-time client discount of 10%. Layla is more than a salon though, they're very involved in the community with local events, fundraisers, and charities, such as St. Baldricks. They also have a monthly yoga class and other in-salon events, more info can be found on their social media. Highly recommend Tayler if you are blonde or wanting to go blonde, I've been seeing her off and on since I moved to Vegas 4 years ago!"
"Am I missing something? In CA, this chain had competitive prices.
This location? Even the sale prices strike me as high- 2/$9 cases of water, $3 day old pastries, $4/2 pack of toilet cleaner, $5/2 dozen eggs? And the price tags listing  a ""regular"" and ""sale"" price were both higher than average when compared to regular stores.

Didn't see enough bulk-size or multipack purchase options available to justify coming here over their regular grocery counterparts. At least in CA, pricing and product make the comparisons to Costco/Sams Club reasonable. Not here."
"When all the raving five-star reviews are for egg drop soup and orange chicken, scale your expectations accordingly. That being said, there's a distinct freshness here that I really appreciated. Dishes are made to order, your food isn't sitting around in a warmer. Thus there may be a longer wait than the instant-gratification takeout you might be familiar with elsewhere.

All the reviews persuaded me to try the egg drop soup- available in a cup or bowl. Unfortunately I did not find it noteworthy. Needed seasoning. Simple, fresh, but not really rave-worthy.

The basil fried rice with chicken was surprisingly good: low-priced and generous portion ($7), with several chunks of juicy chicken and ample amounts of basil cooked in. Good overall flavor, would love to try a crab version. 

Service was friendly. Space is clean and on the modern side. Seems to be more of a takeout place- even dine-in customers appeared to be getting their orders in takeout boxes to eat."
"It's been ages since I've had a poke bowl! Sweet Poke came to my rescue when a craving struck after a recent workout nearby. The online ordering through Yelp app is super convenient and I made a DIY bowl when I left the gym parking lot and it was ready just a couple minutes after I got here.

Bowls (and burritos) come in a range of premade options, but you can add on whatever extras you like. For the DIY, I used salmon (fresh, large chunks, good portion for ""regular"" size), with half and half base, garlic ponzu sauce, and a ton of added veggies. I really appreciate how masago, crab, seaweed salad, and avo aren't extra- and they weren't stingy with them, either! 

Location is a bit dark inside and they have a current promo to add on a bowl of ramen- I didn't try it but it sounds like a great option with cooler fall temps on the way. Bonus points for having a refrigerated case of Asian bottled soda and tea drinks to grab and go!"
"Fuku has been a local food truck favorite- and I've enjoyed their food. One of the perks to their new brick in mortar location (besides being convenient to me!) is that their food quality is consistent and their service has improved. The location also offers free wifi, as well as fun music and videos playing for entertainment while you wait.

While their Buta Burger is still my favorite- always juicy, plenty of flavor!- the Naga dog is also a solid option. However, a flaw I've noticed with both is the bread. The burger buns are bulk-purchase and don't stand out, and tend to fall apart. I'd prefer a sturdier version (maybe an onion bun?), the King's Hawaiian buns would be a really great option, especially for the hotdog.

I'm a little disappointed to see that the pricing is still a bit high- $8 for a burger is fair, adding $5 for a drink and fries is steep, and $9 for the (admittedly generously-sized) Naga dog is higher than several local specialty hotdog spots price theirs. I guess I expect slightly inflated pricing for food trucks, but to see the same prices here as at their Strip location was unexpected."
"Full disclosure, I'm so not vegan. But I do stick to a meatless menu plan a couple days a week and have made several visits here over the past couple months trying a little bit of everything. I like what TMV offers for those with specialized diets, but those assuming ""vegan"" is synonymous with ""healthy"" will likely be overwhelmed by the massive menu that largely covers all the cheat meal bases from nachos and poutine to burgers and tacos. Luckily, they still have juices, smoothies, salads, and sandwiches for those wanting lighter options.

HITS:
The Mexicana breakfast tacos are huge and tasty portion with three overflowing tacos. The cauliflower buffalo ""wings"" are among the best I've tried in terms of texture and even reheated well the next day. The hearts of palm-based ""lobster"" roll was impressive, with a tart and tangy sauce and a huge portion (an ongoing theme). The baked mac and cheese sauce was creamier than other versions I've tried and I think I detected a hint of butternut squash? Their sauces overall are one of their strengths. From the burger category, I customized the Cowboy (featuring Beyond Meat products) and enjoyed it as much as a regular burger, and the pretzel bun held up better than other vegan versions I've had around town, would omit the ""bacon"" next time.

SERVICE: 
I've sat at the high top tables at the bar for all visits and usually get Anthony as my server, and have yet to encounter any of the service issues mentioned in other reviews. He's attentive and personable and I appreciate that I get my check taken care of quickly when I'm on limited time. Reading the snarky owner responses to low reviews is a turn off but I have only encountered positive vibes on site. 

SUGGESTIONS:
Portions are enormous which make the $10-15/dish prices reasonable but some of the apps are large enough to be meals in themselves, which could be adjusted or offered as half portions with lower pricing. Though I liked the tacos, the tortillas themselves didn't hold up well and their waffles are huge and dense. 

Overall, I think they could pare down the menu a bit to improve quality. I appreciate that they offer so much but by now there's bound to be stuff that doesn't perform well or simply doesn't get ordered often. I am looking forward to bringing some vegan friends here who have just moved to Vegas- next I plan to try the loaded queso and the fish tacos!"
"Red Robin isn't my first choice for burgers, but I'm not opposed if someone else suggests it. That said, I can't remember the last time I went to one and it seems like they've made several changes: menu has expanded to offer a premium line of burgers and they have more chicken sandwiches, salads, and other non-burger entrees. There are also a lot of customization options from buns to fry sauces (some with an upcharge) and ""premium"" sides that I don't recall from previous visits.

The Bleu Ribbon burger was decent, with fried onion straws and a good amount of cheese. I upgraded my fries to the garlic-parm version, which were just a sprinkle of fried garlic and a pinch of cheese added to the regular steak fries- the flavor was pretty subtle. Note that burgers here must be cooked to at least medium, for some reason.  Service at the bar was adequate and one guy in particular was especially outgoing. All seats/tables are provided with a touch screen to summon your server, review featured specials, or play games while you wait. I'm all for using tech to streamline services but pushing a button to summon the bartender right in front of you is just weird."
"A delightful little lunch spot! Fun Asian box lunches and various sushi rolls in a fast-casual atmosphere. The food is fresh and fairly light, and I especially like how the rice is a white-brown combination.

The White Fish box was plenty of food for one, with two planks of fried fish on a bed of cabbage, with the rice and sides of seaweed salad, pickled veggies, tamago and some sort of sweet potato croquette? I liked everything enough to grab a takeout lemon roll for my guy, who inhaled it and assured me the fish was fresh.

Good addition to the area, focusing on fast lunch should make them a hit with the nearby office parks or for those visiting the nearby DMV. Props for giving this area another healthy option!"
"I'm not exactly flush with self-control when it comes to food, so I usually avoid buffets. But a friend had a BOGO coupon for this one, and I also hate passing up a good deal. So we came for Friday night dinner.

Station recently took over the Palms and their renovations immediately focused on the dining options, and this buffet is a huge upgrade from the previous one under Maloof ownership. Space is brighter and more appealing, food is fresher with more variety, and we were pleasantly surprised by the overall increase in quality.

PROS: Several vegetarian and vegan options, including roasted cauliflower steaks at the carving station and jackfruit enchiladas! Their brisket at the BBQ station was on point. Good mix of trendy dishes like Doritos elote and mini poke bowls along with classic buffet staples like prime rib, shrimp cocktail, and a made to order pasta station. $18/adult with players card seemed about right. 

CONS: More than a couple of dishes were mislabeled (""mashed potatoes"" were actually sweet potatoes until they were switched out, second ""brisket"" tray actually appeared to be liver and onions, ""coffee"" flavored dessert was actually caramel, etc) and despite the focus on freshness and healthy options, the greens at the salad bar were past their prime and more than half of that area needed to be restocked. Service was polite but our drinks stayed empty after our first refill, despite us lingering an extra half hour. 

It seems they change up their offerings regularly, I'll be back to catch the raclette station, mussel curry, and gelato ice cream cookie sandwiches."
"Heads up, the second you enter, you will be enthusiastically greeted by Sunny, the owner. He's friendly and helpful and unnervingly good at the upsell- I spent significantly more than I'd planned without even thinking about it! But damn, he was right about that garlic naan...

For lunch, you have dine-in buffet or plate specials as your options- vegetarian plate is $10, non-veg is a buck more, both come with your choice of three courses (soup, app, entree), plus rice. I got one of each plate and basically made my own buffet at home, and there was more than enough food for three meals. Add on the naan, as the meals don't come with it, and a mango lassi for a special treat.

The soups weren't my thing- lentil was more brothy than usual and the tomato was on the boring side. The tandoori chicken app was a bit dry, but the chana samosa chaat was a flavorful favorite. The muttar paneer and the chicken tikka were both robust with great sauces, but neither came with the requested heat level. Overall, I enjoyed our meal but my guy thought it was pretty average. I might come back for the dine-in buffet, but their dinner prices a bit higher than I'd like to spend. I may have to come back for the lamb rogan josh though!

Props for having a nicely appointed interior- I am really hoping they do not utilize their patio seating to offer hookah, which became the focus of previous businesses in this location. Also, management should note that options available through their online ordering system are different from what is available on site- probably something to address to avoid an issue."
"Not bad. It's a discount ""dollar"" theater- regular prices are $2/flick with Tuesday getting you half off. It's not in the best part of town and it's predictably run down. But the picture and sound quality are decent, and with movies leaving theaters so quickly, it isn't long til you see the blockbusters show up here. Ticket line can be long, especially on Tuesdays, but they do offer online ticket purchase. Note that there is a 50-cent card charge to do so, but that still comes to 1/5 what you'd spend elsewhere on the ticket alone. Other reviews state that this place is cash-only but I didn't see signage indicating so. I'm not a concessions gal so I can't tell you anything about that situation, but the usher/security guard was friendly when checking my bag and letting me in. The most important thing I'd impart is getting here early- some of the seats can be uncomfortable, so the sooner you arrive, you can move around if needed."
"Great, helpful, and positive employees, and crazy-awesome selection of specialty dog foods and toys. Unfortunately I'm on Team Cat, and came here in search of prescription food, which a friend mistakenly told me they stock. Team member apologized, clarifying that they're only able to do so if they have a vet on-site, which they do not.

The store, though bright, welcoming, and stuffed full of product, seems to cater almost exclusively to dogs- minimal cat items available. Will send my canine-loving friends here, but unfortunately they don't stock what I need.

Store selection is big despite the small space. Location is a bit hidden, you might miss it next door to the pizzeria. I will note that all the parking lots on that corner of the intersection connect, so it's easy to wind your way back to if needed."
"The Sweat Store is strategically placed in a plaza adjacent to LVAC and near two different health-conscious restaurants (Greens & Proteins and Protein Source). Go where the gym rats go, if you're gonna sell gym clothes. It makes perfect sense. 

This is an LA style shop though- clean, modern style of colorful, tiny, skin-tight clothes, complete with clever accessories (kettle bell earrings, fun printed headbands, yoga-themed rings)  and trendy gym bags (at reasonable ~$50 prices). Unfortunately, despite my daily gym habit, I seriously doubt I'd fit into the sizes they carry, which is a bummer. Everything looked especially small, womp womp.

Store stock has good variety though, employee was polite about asking if I needed help, and I really liked their gym bags so I may come back to snag one. Head to the back right behind the registers for their small clearance section. See attached image for 2 year anniversary sale discounts.

NOTE: I believe they carry women's clothes exclusively. Sorry dudebros."
"Poke bowls and riceless rolls are some of my favorite things. There aren't too many options on this side of town to get either of them, which earns King some bonus points. Recently remodeled, the location is clean and modern, with a menu of teriyaki and sushi, as the name implies.

Poke bowl ($7) was okay- poke was nicely flavored with a bit of spice, but had a touch too much onion. Rice was regular white rice instead of sushi rice, and served piping hot, which warmed up the poke a little more than I like. They have a few roll categories on their menu (simple, special, fried, and burrito), but I opted for the Green Valley ($10)- seemed to be what other spots call the ""rock and roll"", with salmon, tuna, and crab, wrapped in cucumber.

Location has a nice condiment station, with sriracha and teriyaki sauce in pumps with cups for easy takeout. If you're dining in, they have dipping bowls for soy sauce, as well as peppers available. This business appears to be run by a couple, with the Mr in the kitchen and the Mrs up front- they're friendly, polite, and thankful for your business."
"If you have a young kid, this might be a great family event. Unfortunately, I found little to like about this seasonal attraction at the Phoenix Zoo. For  $15/person it was underwhelming and you'd be better off at the Luminarias Las Noches. We preordered our tickets online and had issues using them, and customer service reps were robotic and not forthcoming with information or anything resembling an apology for the inconvenience. No discounts are available to get daytime and nighttime tickets together. 

I've been to similar events at other zoos but this one ranked lower than the others. Despite being AT a zoo, you won't see any animals that aren't electronic or made out of Legos, with the exception of the camels, which are available for rides. The animatronic giraffe and turtle show was embarrassingly bad. Some of the larger enclosures were accessible and lit, but had been intentionally cleared of animals. Perhaps we would have seen more or had a better experience, but apparently Intel was having some sort of family night, so 2000 of their employees were flooding the park in addition to the expected crowds, and had multiple areas cordoned off, which impacted our experience. The much-hyped 7PM ""snowfall"" didn't happen at all, and every advertised attraction seemed to cost extra and require an hour-long wait in line. 

The actual light display was at times inventive and cool- things like light up scorpions and flashing monkeys that appeared to be climbing trees,  the cute kissing giraffes, and the beautiful neon-wrapped trees. I realize it's a family-friendly event but apparently no one has learned anything since the Harambe incident, and I was truly surprised how many kids were running amok unattended. There was no attempt by staff whatsoever to maintain organized or efficient lines or establish any sort of order. The Phoenix Zoo may be doing great things with animal conservation and the Specials Survival Program, but this event came off as a shameless money-grab that had nothing to do with the animals at all.

RESPONSE TO MANAGEMENT: No, your website does not make it clear that this is not an animal viewing event. The phrase ""limited animal viewing"", serves to confirm the obvious visibility limitations given the evening timing but beyond that, more clear wording should be considered."
"Fresh fish and great happy hour specials- worth the drive to check out, as it's across town from me so requires special planning. The firecracker roll is a favorite, but everything is executed very well.

TOSTADAS: Tako is slightly spicy, salmon is delicious, Hamachi was on the plain side, tuna poke was the best. $1 each HH, regularly $2/ea.
HYDROBIB BLACK COD: delicate but flavorful, loved the soft texture of the fish contrasting with the fresh crunch of the lettuce.
FIRECRACKER ROLL: a favorite roll! Packs a nice punch of heat with spicy tuna and jalapeno, cools it down with a minimal amount of cream cheese and great texture and flavor of sweet onion. Unique!
SALMON AVOCADO ROLL: simple and delicious
CAJUN ALBACORE SASHIMI: BF's favorite, good-sized portion with a lot of sauce, served on a bed of crunchy radish.
IKA GESO: Tasty surprise! A bar-food take on fried squid with a dust of spice, served with a curry mustard sauce. The sauce makes it!
BAKED MUSSELS: Large, tender, and saucy.

Added the server's recommendation, YELLOWTAIL SASHIMI, their ""signature dish"". It was good, with generous slices of fish and light but flavorful garlic-ponzu, but not something I haven't had elsewhere.

Ultimately, I came here due to the Yonaka comparisons and was pleased with the fish quality and the great flavors but feel the menu is mostly great quality versions of common sushi staples- would love to see them add some more unique or inventive dishes, like the ika gesso. Will be back for the Firecracker roll, would love to meet Chef John on my next visit!"
"I was not ""aware"" that Tea Time had changed over to this hip new coffee shop until a friend posted their Apothecary iced coffee on IG. When I heard about the rose and cardamom-flavored concoction, I knew I had to get one for myself. The clean lines and bare space remind me of coffee joints in SF, quiet and good for working, and the staff are knowledgeable and friendly about providing suggestions.

The apothecary coffee I had here was stellar- the syrup is made in house and they have a variety of milks to choose from (extra for coconut and almond). Despite the warming temps in Vegas, I opted for the hot drink at the barista's suggestion because he said the flavor was more developed. All I know is that I really enjoyed my drink and will be looking for opportunities to come by this out-of-the-way location again for their bourbon vanilla and mint mojito versions.

TIP: No food menu yet, so grab your coffee to go and pop by Jamboree across the street for a bagel & schmear to complete your morning!"
"Never knew this place existed til Nik O posted that they had a promotion for half price microchipping! Went in the very next day- $10 per pet (regularly $20) through July 3, so get in ASAP.  They only do chipping specific hours, so get all the details and plan ahead.

Arrived at 2:45, we were third on the list, out by 3:15. Staff were helpful and location was clean. Check photos for other services and vaccinations they offer. They also do adoptions on site in another building. Keeping them in mind when I'm ready for a puppy or if my kitties need any shots!"
"This boutique is one of many nestled in Boulder City, but one of the few that focuses on new clothing rather than vintage and consignment. Service from the owner is friendly and attentive, but the clothing isn't really my style- seems geared toward older women but still fashionable. I did like the fun accessories, though. What was a turn off about this place was the many warning signs about shoplifting. I get that they have a problem, but have your sign at the door and use cameras. Framing the commandment about theft and placing multiple signs in each room is off-putting."
"Got a taco craving? Get yourself to Tacos El Gordo. Apparently there's a location on Charleston if you don't' want to go on the Sttrip, but this is the one I went to. You walk in and see the meat behind the counter, place your order and watch as it is made, then take your tray up to the cashier to pay. It doesn't get fresher than this.

The lengua is amazing. I don't care how you feel about eating another animal's tongue, it's delicious- especially here, and particularly in the fries. Lengua quesadilla is also tasty, but the bottom tortilla is flour and the top is a tostada... so it's a little odd. Eat it anyway.

Best tacos were the spicy pork and the beef shoulder, honorable mention to the super-crispy tripas. Ordered all as-is with the salsas and sauces. These people know what they're doing.

Now for the lengua fries- a half order will run you $6, pricey for fries. But worth it. It's a giant portion of salty, crispy fries, topped with a healthy (NOT!) portion of lengua meat, sour cream, guac, and cheese. It sounds revolting but it's amazing, and it doesn't taste as heavy as it sounds, either- which is a bad thing because I could put away a lot of this dish.

Side note: apparently if you order the ""half order"" and tip the guy, you end up with a wink and a full order. Oops."
"Thank goodness for Taco Tuesdays! Sharkys recently came to Vegas and their Charleston location is close to home for me, but their food is so good that I'll pop by this location when I'm across town too- sustainable seafood, organic and non GMO veggies, oh my!

Favorite dishes include their shrimp and fish tacos, and their salads- the summer salad with salmon is my favorite but they change it up each season with different vegetables. I can only get their nachos if I'm with a friend to share, they're that huge!  Coworkers on various diets use their protein plates to meet their needs if they forget to meal prep. 

As for service, staff have been great about accommodating substitutions and order customizations. They have patio seating and a salsa bar, as well a bar menu (sangria ftw!) with HH specials AND online ordering through their app- turn on your alerts for discounts and double point days!"
"Mel C pretty much nailed it when he said this location feels packed with 15 people. Saying it's small is an understatement, but it does have what you need for a workout, along with a child care center and a cardio theater. Note that there is no group fitness center at this location, so drive up to Losee if that's your workout of choice. 

That said, the cardio theater is poorly designed as a narrow, low-ceilinged space with the equipment set back from the screen and two rows of treadmills in the middle with the ellipticals in the very back. If anyone is on the treadmills, your sight line is obscured. Mixing up the machines in each row might help with that. Also, on my visit, the movie playing (Live Fast or Die Hard) did not match the posted calendar (Iron Man 2). Not my preferred location."
"Convenient healthy meal option after a workout at LVAC in the same building. Surprisingly flavorful for health food. Get the sauces on the side and steer clear of the appetizers.

Salmon wrap with extra veggies is my go-to, but the Mongolian beef bowl backs a punch of protein as well- filling and flavorful, ask to add extra garlic. In addition to wraps, bowls, and apps, the menu has protein smoothies and boba drinks. 

Meals are generally under $10/person, unless you Jay-Cutter-size it. Restaurant is clean, employees are efficient, lots of random Buddha statues on display. Can't think of any other healthy options in the area, very good location for them to be."
"I can't say I'm a fan. Due to space limitations, they only have 5 screens so your viewing options are pretty limited. The prices are astronomical, with a pair of evening tickets running you just shy of $40 before you even hit up the concession stand. Apparently you can order sandwiches, burgers, and pizzas at the bar and take them into your theater, but it takes long enough for them to make their corndog bites that they give you a buzzer to page you for pickup, so I can only imagine your food might arrive midway through your movie.

On the up side, the auditoriums have reclining seats and you pre-select your seats when you buy your ticket. These days most theaters offer that, though. The location has been clean and staff have been friendly, but I'd rather hit up the Regal theater inside Red Rock casino in the next shopping center and have a better movie selection, lower prices, and a food court."
"As an adult, I have the most boring cereal preferences of all time: Honey Bunches of Oats and Raisin Bran are my jam. With a store full of 100+ sugary, specialty cereals from around the world, Cereal Killerz would not appear to be my kind of place. But they got me with the clever name, so in I went. 

This massive food court spot has space for lounging and friendly owners and staff, all full of ideas about how to make your crazy cereal concoction come to life. My love of peanut butter fueled a 6-cereal mix blended into a shake that I actually enjoyed despite not being much of a dessert person. I returned for something more on my level, their iced matcha latte- topped with whip and Lucky Charms cereal and marshmallows, to keep things fun. They also offer a menu of toasts and waffles, if you're wanting something savory or more substantial.

TIP: They DO also have healthy Kashi cereals and alternative milks!"
"Come in and stare at and/or take photos of the giant chocolate Statue of Liberty, then gaze in the dessert case and see if there's anything that you want to taste. Other than that, everything here can be found elsewhere. Personally I have no interest in having a candy bar name emblazoned across my chest. 

Grab a 5 pound bar of chocolate for your favorite chocoholic and move on with your life. Or better yet, order it online for half the price. This place is a great example of a tourist trap. Case in point: a cupcake will run you $9."
"""Meh. I've experienced better,"" fully captures how I felt about CAC. I found them here on Yelp, visited their website, and sent an email requesting membership info. I'm new to town and used to a certain quality of gym and have some requirements: Precor ellipticals, zumba and body pump classes that actually fit my schedule, and a convenient location. I don't even mind a hefty price tag because fitness is a priority for me.

But I was distinctly underwhelmed by this gym.
Sure, you walk in and it seems ultra swanky and exclusive- even the guy at the front desk is wearing a jacket, for crying out loud.

But as I took myself on a tour of the facilities, I couldn't help but notice a few things that turned me off: the women's locker room has a ton of lockers, several bathroom stalls, and a bunch of showers.. but a tiny area to change in, with only one bench. It appears there's a push for members to pay the extra $50 for access to the private locker room. Okay, duly noted.

The downstairs cardio area has the machines I like, but I was a little bummed that the models present did not have the individual screens. Rather, there were two screens for the entire cardio area, and set at a bit of a distance away. No big, I can bring in my iPad and watch Netflix while I churn out my miles right? Nope, no wifi. For $50/month, you'd think that would be a given.

Upstairs wasn't much better- tons of equipment, and only a few people present, most of whom were working one on one with trainers or just sitting around. In fact, that's what bugged me most: maybe I was just there during an off-peak time, but everyone present seemed more focused on being in such a swanky environment. I don't think I saw anyone there genuinely working up a sweat.

Ultimately I didn't feel very comfortable here but still wanted to give the place a try. Met up again with Juan, my tour guide who stayed at the front desk, and received what passed for the ""sales pitch""- a laminated card of their pricing, and a vague, ""So, wanna sign up?""

I had mixed feelings about that- I really didn't feel sold to or pressured, which was a plus. But I also didn't feel like any attempt at all was made to MAKE me want to join this gym. I genuinely wanted to give them a try, but the fact that I wasn't even able to get a pass for a day or two to try it out and see if I liked it was discouraging.

To end on a positive note though, for the month of January their promotion is that the initiation fee is half off: to join it's usually $120 + your monthly fee based on your membership ($50 on up to like $150 to get access to kickboxing/CrossFit); but in January it's just $60."
"It's advertised as a sports bar (and they have plenty of screens), but the atmosphere is more like a nightclub, with ear-splitting music and female staff in mini-dresses. To their credit, the bartenders were extremely friendly and they were even doing some flip tricks.

The menu has good variety, from classic burgers and wings (get the Spicy Moroccan flavor for something different) to pizzas and entrees. I appreciate that healthy options are available like veggie burgers, a roasted salmon dish, and a few salads. The veggie burger recommended by the staff was fairly good and I was able to sub a side of vegetables for the fries without an upcharge. There's an interesting variety of beers on draft, including Woodchuck amber and Four Peaks Peach ale, as well as HH specials.  

There's a video DJ after 7PM, and it's so loud that I had difficulty placing an order, let alone carrying on a conversation. It seems that what they're trying to do and what people are coming here for are two very different things. I'm in the area several times a week and will come back to try more of the menu but will be sure to do it early to avoid the noise.

NOTE: There doesn't seem to be way to enter from the mall and it's not easily visible from the street. It's located right behind the parking garage on the front side of the mall to the right of the main entrance."
"The perfect spot for a spa day on a budget. They're usually running a Groupon for admission to the facilities ($15-19), but also offer massage, facial, and body scrub services. Come as you are, because they provide your spa ensemble- a pair of knee length shorts and an oversize tee- as well as towels, lockers, and water/tea.

Women's locker room opens up to the women's only wet spa area with showers, plunge pools, wet and dry saunas, and the steam room in one area, as well as a salt-brick sauna. Upstairs in the coed area, you can access a general lounge and cafe area (serving Thai food?), along with several saunas (jade floor, red clay caves, and red clay balls). The clay ball area reminded me of a ball pit for adults, where you wind down in shallow, individual pits for a feeling not unlike a giant bean bag chair. The jade room was underwhelming but the red clay cave space was neat and isolated for those who want to meditate. End your trip with a few minutes in the ice room, bringing your body temperature back down in a room that feels like the inside of a refrigerator- in a good way, think Minus 5 Ice Bar, sans alcohol. 

My favorite area of the spa was the one we spent the least amount of time in- the herbal steam sauna! It was intensely hot and steamy but the herbal aspect was understated instead of overwhelming. Alternate between that area and the plunge pool or shower area to cool down. I can see myself coming back in the winter to take advantage of this area in particular to ward off illness and congestion. Looking into booking a scrub next time!"
"I'm not a huge fan of this separate park area from Sunset Park- though this part has a shaded playground area for kids and informative dessert plant-and-wildlife plaques to educate readers, it has far less to offer than the larger portion of the park. On the plus side, this area is less trafficked so you can keep to yourself a bit better.

I attended a 5K here that was poorly organized (though that doesn't reflect on the park itself) and did not enjoy the dusty looped trails in this area- the sandy hills provide an interesting traction and the dead desert plants were a sad scenery. The natural aquifer has some wetlands areas that seemed to contribute to a murky, humid atmosphere in the area."
"With all the British celebrities biting it in January 2016, I knew I had to take advantage of seeing Elton John when a recent opportunity presented itself. The guy's closing in on 70 and he's been touring for almost 50 years, but he's still got it. Living legend status, for sure.

I honestly could have left after the second song- not because everything was downhill from there but because he did my favorite song (Rocketman, duh) right after the opener. I'm not the hugest Elton fan and admittedly only recognized like every other song (Benny and the Jets, Crocodile Rock, Tiny Dancer), but the he's still got the skills on piano and his voice is still strong. Interestingly, his band is comprised of guys he's been performing with for like four decades, and they are all on point.

But wow, that piano. It's like an extension of Elton himself. I don't know if it actually cost a million dollars, but it's like a 3D video screen showing videos and pictures throughout the show. While the set itself didn't really change, different videos and lighting were used to change it up for each number. The middle of the show kind of lags with a bunch of downers in a row, but things pick up with livelier songs toward the end. 

A note about seating: photo shows my seat number on the tickets. We were right up close to the stage on the floor, but on the right hand side of the stage. Would suggest trying to find seats toward the left if possible, so you can actually see his hands murdering the keys. But the sound is awesome and despite the large space, it feels fairly intimate."
"TLDR: Dr. Gaster himself is great, but not worth two hours and dealing with other unprofessional staff on site (or sight? HA!) to get to him.

I was referred here for an ongoing eye issue. Came at appointment time, was checked in 10 min later, insurance reviewed 10 minutes later, first eye exam half an hour later (notice a pattern?), then passed on to another tech (more below) who took his time, before finally seeing the doctor, who was personable and ultimately gave me the answers I came for. He also offered to update my prescription. But I was here for literally two hours. That's crazy.

The second tech (who dilated my eyes) I saw marred my entire visit. I couldn't give you a name because he never introduced himself and wasn't wearing a name tag. He had no customer service skills whatsoever, was brusque and irritable from the moment he entered the room, and basically said that my condition was due to not cleaning my contact lenses- despite the fact that I've worn them nearly 20 years and have only had issues in the past month, that persisted even with a fresh pair. I nearly just said ""screw this"" and walked out, that's how frustrating and condescending he was. Thankfully I saw the doctor next, who diagnosed me with a legitimate condition. I don't plan to come back."
"Damn, the reviews are all over the place: one- and two-star rants about the low-quality bagels alongside four- and five-star raves praising the NY style bagels. Maybe there are consistency issues, but the two bagel sandwiches I've had here have been solidly fresh and tasty.

But if we're focusing on the bagel itself, they're misshapen with oddly large holes. Good chew, fresh taste, and a few different varieties of schmear available (strawberry, scallion, jalapeno, and more). I tend to stick with Asiago, Everything, or Onion bagels, and those have worked out fine for me. The bagels here aren't bad, but they're not going to take you on a mental trip to the Big Apple unless you also drop some acid.

I still think your best bet for a large, perfect bagel is the Bagel Café, but in a pinch this spot will do for breakfast or lunch. Favorite pick is the Empire State, but I sub scallion cream cheese for the mayo and add sprouts. I've never tried the gyro part of the menu.

NOTE: Their Yelp hours are incorrect. All this time I didn't stop by because they're allegedly closed Fri-Sat-Sun, but I swear I saw a sign that said they're open one or both weekend days until 2PM? Didn't think to snap a photo."
"Drai's was my first Vegas nightclub experience and I don't have anything bad to say. Though the location itself was smaller than expected, I've since learned that it's larger than other options. Check their social media for special events, guests, theme nights, or promotions. The production effects made for a fun night, as did table/bottle service. The dance floor is fairly large and the dress code only seems to be loosely enforced, but I enjoyed the music, dancers, and lighting effects. Gather up your girl friends and contact a promoter for the best experience!"
"In a city with so many bakeries, it's tough to stand out. Lidet manages to make a name for themselves by offering a variety of vegan desserts and using organic ingredients. Despite offering a specialty niche product, they don't outrageously inflate their prices, which is much appreciated. Service is warm and friendly, location is cozy and clean. 

I've never had a coffee here because I keep coming back for their amazing chai latte- always perfectly made and lightly sweet, great any time of day but always piping hot. The vegan tiramisu was tasty and fruit tarts have been well-received by friends. Give in to your inner millennial and get the avocado toast- simple, tasty, and affordable, for once. Whatever you get, take it out to their patio to enjoy with a friend or a book."
"I'm a fan of the downtown Pizza Rock but was let down by Tony's slice counter on site here at GVR. I finally gave the sit-down restaurant a try when friends set up a happy hour visit, and was pleasantly surprised. Note that there are some dishes that are only available at the downtown location (no salted dough burrata app here!) but the pizza menu seems to be the same.

HH is 3-6PM and then again after 10PM, featuring $5 and $7 personal pizzas (single-topping, Cal Italia, Pesto Paradise, and Tony Two Times), as well as a handful of apps. Our group tried just about everything offered and overall the quality was very good for the under-$20 average we paid and everyone left full.

The Tony Two Times pizza was my preference, loaded up with meats, while the Cal Italia I shared with Chris V had a huge crust-to-pie ratio that seemed inconsistent across the table and took away from the otherwise quite appealing sweet and savory flavor combo. The classic meatballs are always a hit (and at 3/$4, everyone can have their own order!), but the zucchini fries (with Calabrese ranch) and soppresata sliders (with tasty garlic fries but lackluster bread) were just okay. 

Our server Paige was super sweet and more than accommodating for our large group with complicated orders, split checks, and last-minute additions (both to our orders and our party). She's a gem. Looking forward to coming back for the New Yorker pizza and the burrata burger!

TIP: As soon as you're seated, locate a bottle of Tony's Hot Pepper Oil. Dip your crust in it. Spicy deliciousness!"
"Wish this spot was closer- friendly family owned and operated spot has fresh, flavorful Mediterranean food for great prices. Staff openly state that there are no microwaves, can openers, etc. on site- everything is made fresh to order.

Apps are shareable, with several pies (spinach, meet, cheese options) coming in 4-piece orders. The spinach variety has a heavy lemon flavor to it and does not include feta, as spanakopita would. The chicken shawarma wrap was an ample amount of chicken wrapped in a super-soft pita, sided with soft yellow rice and a small salad. Ask for extra garlic sauce! 

The best item though is the kabob salad- a giant Greek salad topped with your choice of beef, chicken, or lamb kabobs. Lamb is my preference, medium rare, with feta and onion on the salad. Dressing is amazing, I think it's a red wine vinagrette? Different from usual Greek dressings, in a delicious way.

NOTE: If you're unfamiliar with the area, don't go to Pita Pit by accident! Keep driving and it's in the AutoZone plaza."
"Pretty big selection for a used book store, but the shop itself could use a good organizing. Lots to pick from if you're into trashy romance novels or mystery stuff, particularly Dean Koontz and Stephen King, whose novels take up an entire bookshelf. There's even an ample selection of YA Lit for teens (and those who wish we still were).

Selection is varied, but you'll spend a bit of time trying to sift through it: you have Anais Nin erotica next to vintage Moby Dick, with everything Janet Evanovitch ever wrote, with no clear sections or signage. Worth a visit, but plan to spend a bit of time here."
"Locally owned vitamin shop with several shelves a single-bottle deep of carefully-selected brands. They carry several varieties of protein powder and body building supplements but I found it irritating that of their three brands of vitamins, many of the lines don't carry the same product- so if you need CalMag, for example, you really only have a single option. Fund it odd that many products only had a single bottle on the shelf, and though the spots for each bottle were labeled most lacked a price tag.
Staff looked bored out of their mind, wandered the store for several minutes before a vague, ""Finding everything okay?"" was called out. Well-located at a busy intersection with a Golds Gym in the plaza, but they could use a boost in both inventory and service."
"This is such a great trail for biking! My first time here was for a 5K but more recently, my guy and I brought our bikes and spent a couple hours enjoying the workout with great views. At one point we did get off track with the various connector trails, so screenshot a map or be familiar with the route. 

Access point at Equestrian Park parking lot lot is large, connected to a dog park, and has bathrooms. I've only taken the trail counter-clockwise from here, which will get you to the Three Sisters hills sooner rather than later- definitely be comfortable switching gears before tackling this one. As a new rider, I find the crazy-steep hills and blind spots a little too scary for my liking, but it does result in a sense of accomplishment!

CYCLIST TIPS: Take a bike repair kit (and know how to use it!), plenty of water and a snack. Make sure your brakes are functioning well if you're doing the Sisters."
"It's like a dive bar and a seafood shack in San Diego had a baby. I don't know how it ended up in a shady section of North Decatur, but it works. 

Menu has ceviches, shrimp cocktails, and several platters of grilled and fried sea creatures, served in a beach-decor setting by friendly female staff. The tostadas are low-priced with generous portions (I like the shrimp and octopus), and it's the only place in town I've yet found to get a marlin taco.

This place is pretty popular, so call in your order if you're in a hurry. If you dine in, consider bringing ear plugs, because the music is crazy loud. Or just order a Michelada and you'll hardly notice."
"If Red Rock doesn't do it for you, keep driving. Eventually you'll hit this park. Pack a picnic because there's nothing nearby and it's practically half an hour away from civilization. Also, duh, it's a park. What else were you planning to do there?

 I have really mixed feelings about it: in the right weather, or if you time your visit for dusk, it's gorgeous and the meadow area has grazing sheep and goats. The walkway is lit by eco-friendly solar-powered lights and there's a path paved with decorative stones engraved with the names of donors and positive messages. The Super Summer Theater has shows out here June-August.

But goddamn is it oddly similar to the surface of the sun. There's a lot of animal droppings (maybe not the best pick if you're toting kids). The parking area is not paved (minor complaint). And it is WAY out there, the word ""remote"" comes to mind. Probably a good choice for hiding a body. Unless I've missed something (entirely possible) there isn't much in the way of trails out here? Look it up prior to your visit just in case, and print any materials you find- there's no reception out here."
"The menu is chaotic: gyros and burritos and salads and kabobs, not to mention the namesake philly steaks. But the kabobs aren't available in steak and the gyros aren't available in lamb. But they do currently have a well-priced salmon kabob special ($11).

Considering the very mixed reviews for the phillys, I opted for salads here. The gyro salad was a handful of lettuce, three strips of meat, and three or four cucumber and tomato pieces. The takeout box was half empty. The additional Greek salad my friend ordered had no feta. Seriously? 

Restaurant is a walkup counter. Large patio for outdoor seating. Prices are low. A guy dining in exclaimed that he was from Philadelphia and the food was rockin'. I'm underwhelmed enough with the salads to be disinterested in trying more options. YMMV."
"GUMBO AND FRIED GREEN TOMATOES, Y'ALL! 
That's all you need to know about this place; come here for those items specifically!

What so many other reviews don't mention is that this place HAS A DRIVE THRU. That's right- you don't need to go in with a group or plan a family dinner around their evening-only hours, just drive up and get what you want and go! Dishes are made fresh, so expect a reasonable 8-10 minute wait time in the comfort of your vehicle.

On first visit, I ordered #4 (3 piece ""snackbox"" of fried catfish plus hush puppies and fries), a side of gumbo ($5 for a small portion), and the fried green tomatoes appetizer ($3 for 6 slices, seasonal availability). Total meal was about $15, not bad for what would ultimately be 2 meals for me.

Was pleasantly surprised by quality- fish was freshly fried, batter didn't fall off, wasn't too greasy and oil didn't taste old. Fries were a bit on the soggy side but had good flavor, seemed to have a touch of batter to them. Hush puppies were weird, didn't eat them- strange oblong shape and no flavor. Disappointed that the 3 piece order was served with only one tiny cup of tartar sauce- it was tasty,  wished there was more. Portion for price (meal is about $6) was good, didn't come close to finishing.

Now for the real surprises- the GUMBO and FRIED GREEN TOMATOES.
The gumbo was a small portion for the price but packed with sausage and crawfish. Flavor was on par with Weeziana's, just up the street, but her pricing for portion is  better ($10 gets you a tureen!).
Fried green tomatoes were delish- batter was different from what the fish is breaded in and more mild, and they're served with a delightful dipping sauce. Will continue come back just for these two dishes!"
"GR has opened a fourth Vegas restaurant, specializing in England's classic dish- stick with that namesake menu item for best results. Though every article announcing the opening emphasizes that this is a small grab-and-go style spot, it wasn't too tiny and I was able to snag seating at the outdoor bar area. The repurposed phone booth entrance is a fun touch, and service was friendly. 

The fish and chips (3 piece, $12) was a large portion with two dipping sauces- the sriracha aioli was good but GR's Tartar sauce was great, wish I'd tried the curry mango sauce, too. Chips were saltier than I expected but the fish was in large, flaky pieces. 

I got my guy the fish-wich, which was surprisingly served in a pita. This didn't really work, with breaded fish wrapped in thick dough, but I guess the flavors were okay if you're into carbs on carbs on carbs. The shishito pepper was unexpected and didn't really work, either. We took a few bites and tossed it.

Despite the restaurant name, there is also shrimp, chicken, and sausage available. I'll be back to try their version of Sticky Toffee Pudding, since the ones at Steak and BurGR were great!"
"Surprisingly spacious bakery spot in the same shopping center as Green Valley Theater- probably a good option for a post-flick snack, thought they do have some competition in the way of the froyo place in between.

Service was attentive, friendly, and knowledgeable. We were offered samples of their namesake Chocolate Mousse, which was nicely light and tasty. Ultimately chose a seasonal fruit tart and a cheesecake cakepop, despite the tempting selection of cupcakes. Total was slightly absurd, just shy of $9, which felt a little excessive- would expect that on the Strip, not in suburbia.

The chocolate cheesecake pop was unremarkable- very chocolatey but in a dense way that overshadowed the cheesecake tones. The seasonal fruit tart (a fabulous-sounding mix of pumpkin and sweet potato!) was nearly $6 and not nearly as life-changing as the price led me to expect. Pairs well with coffee but didn't have much flavor. Overpriced for sure, a bit turned off to give them another try- maybe stick with cupcakes and cronuts instead of specials."
"I have surprised myself by becoming a regular here! I'm not big on sweet pastries but Cafe Breizh has me hooked. From the much-hyped cinnamon roll to the made-to-order crepes and galettes, CB caters to those who eat with their eyes first ...and/or post their food on social media.

SAVORY: The ham and cheese croissant is a treasure, and one I've happily shared with a couple of friends. The salmon and broccoli quiche is a favorite to take and bake at home for later consumption with a salad. The galettes are perfectly cooked and I prefer the mushroom-goat cheese over the salmon-veggie version. 

SWEET: Their tarts are beautiful, but the lemon ones are especially tart so it went unfinished at our table. The chocolate chip cookies are perfection with melty chips and a perfect just-baked finish! The cinnamon roll is a take on your traditional flavors but with different ratio of crunchy and spongy bits. 

The quality is quickly evident on a visit, but there are a few areas upon which I hope to see improvement as they settle in: the dine-in service can at times be forgetful, but they're wonderful at following up once they're aware of an issue and the interior is a bit plain and cold but they seem to be adding to it bit by bit. I also wish their coffee was a bit better, as I've found it weak on more than one visit. These are admittedly minor things that don't prevent one from being able to enjoy Pierre Gatel's culinary creations."
"PROS:
+ Good location, UNLV students deserve more healthy options
+ Pretty fair pricing, a small (snack size) is under $5
+ North Shore and Seasider are decent options, and I really like their granola

CONS:
- Consistency is a little off, over-blended too thin
- Presentation isn't as appealing as other places
- Quality could be upped a little, Acai to the T has spoiled me and raised my expectations
- Unless I misunderstood, their loyalty program requires you to spend $90 to get enough credits for a freebie WTH?"
"Picked up a car for a long weekend in LA when I didn't want to put the miles and wear and tear on my own car. Online reservation was easy, drop off was just a matter of handing over the keys, and the car itself had no issues. Pickup was odd, employee seemed to be taking personal calls and was distracted. Before I was allowed to leave, they snapped cell phone photos of the car for existing damage documentation- these were emailed to me. 

So what's the problem? The upsell is hard here, with multiple strong cautions about the risk of using my own insurance and how they don't provide roadside assistance, charge if the vehicle is out of service, etc. While everything went fine, the whole reason I rented was to avoid stress and this just made me paranoid. I'll stick to Enterprise next door instead.

EDIT: LOL, and they just emailed me a bill for an extra hour of rental, nevermind that I left half an hour late due to their slow check in process. Dropping another star for petty nickel and diming BS."
"I drive down Charleston daily but never noticed this place til I got a mailer for their $15 smog along with my registration renewal notice. I was in and out around 5 minutes. Processing fee to do the registration is only $10. They also offer car washes, both by hand or by drive thru. Maybe heed the other reviews about damage though."
"This hipster-as-fuck pizza joint slash bar just opened on Fremont street with a vintage Evel Knievel theme, and they put out some some pretty good slices! Checked this spot out with a friend from NYC and she couldn't stop at one slice, it was that good. The crust is thin yet retains a nice crunch, the cheese is generous, and the sauce actually has flavor. Pair it with a beer for a $5 combo, and you're hard pressed to find a cheaper meal in the area, let alone one that's actually good! I'll be back for the Balls to the Wall pie!"
"I left my previous threader back in the Bay area and haven't even tried to tame the forest above my eyes since I left. But I looked in the mirror this weekend and realized something needed to change. So, naturally, I checked Yelp and found this gem!

Stopped in Monday after work around 4PM, no wait at all, was immediately seated and the lovely lady began the laborious work of turning the giant, single fur caterpillar above my eyes into two separate, sleek and shapely brows. 

This process took slightly longer than usual- in a good way. Mandeep took her time with my brows and frequently stepped back to check her work and compare the two brows that were emerging from the thicket to ensure that they were symmetrical. Every so often she'd murmur for me to hold my hand somewhere for her, or compliment my super-thick brows, but soon enough we were done and I was presented with a hand mirror to check it out myself.

I couldn't be more pleased! There was no pain, no redness, and more importantly: no more fur sprouting where it shouldn't. And for a mega-cheap $10, I was more than happy to tip well. I'll be back next month- hopefully my facial forest won't be too out of control next time."
"This place is a gem- it's a bit pricey for single admission, so spring for the membership ($25 for an individual) and come back frequently, there's too much to see and do in one visit anyway, and they have a lot of great events throughout the year.

Great place for kids- several exhibits both indoors and out, interactive stuff and museum displays, not including the seasonal fun stuff over the summer and for Halloween. If you have a toddler in particular, there are regular weekday events for that age group.

Two museums on site- both worth exploring, both with regular and featured (changing) exhibits. Admission to the museums is included with your admission to the park itself, and they each have a small gift shop.

The trails. This is the highlight for me. Dessert setting with gravel and paved trails, never too busy, particularly once you're out of sight of the main starting area and the train station- that's right, you can ride a train here too! You can also rent bikes for a low fee to explore instead of hiking.

Add to the above that there's space for events and weddings, a healthy café on site, and even an interactive presentation with exotic parrots, and you have more than enough justification for the membership pricing and several reasons to come back frequently.

My only problems with this place are the short hours: 10AM-6PM, daily. Would love if they opened up earlier and stayed open later, or even had extended seasonal hours. Also, heads up that the parking lot is small and fills up fast on beautiful days."
"Sayo is basically the Japanese-import version of the dollar store, complete with everything from sheet masks and cosmetics to home organization items and cleaning supplies. If you've been to Daiso in CA, you'll know what to expect, only on a smaller scale.

Location is super clean and service was polite, don't expect much interaction other than payment- note $10 card minimum. Favorite items I come in here for specifically are desk items for work (cute notepads, pencil cups, paper trays, small trinkets for decor), sheet masks (ranging from $1-$3, the rose oil one is my fave), and gift items- you can find literally anything covered in cats from note pads to socks to coffee mugs and nail decal stickers."
"Takopa is a small izakaya-style spot specializing in takoyaki, from the same owners as PokeMan and Izakaya Go. Popped in for late night solo dining at the bar and got to watch the food get made in the open kitchen. Love the octopus tentacle decor around the dining room!

I tried the takoyaki sampler to get a feel for their namesake dish, as well as the chashu bowl and a tornado potato. I don't claim to be any huge fan of takoyaki, but I liked the option to try each of their four featured styles- spicy, mentaiko, negi shio, and original. I preferred the negi but found that the balls were oddly inconsistent with the texture/cook despite watching the chef make them all in one large batch. The bowl was a good value but served far too salty for my liking, while the tornado potato was just right: crispy edges, soft interior, light sprinkle of garlic.  Pricing and portions are fair, my meal was under $15 with tax and tip.

Service was a bit disorganized- friendly but frazzled, but perhaps they are still finding their footing. Don't forget to check out the specials board, by the hostess stand."
"Thrillist ranked Distill's Cure burger among the top 15 in the nation for 2014, describing it as ""a combo of beef AND pork, [that hits] so many flavor notes with Fontina, spicy-sweet jalapeño jelly, a hot mayo, and crisp-fried parsnips layered on with a heavy hand.""  

That burger completely fulfilled my burger desires and then some. It amazes me that this bar and this particular burger are not more popular, as it is a fantastic amalgamation of all the best flavors a burger should have: savory, cheesy, just a bit of spice. It's stuffed and juicy without falling apart, and every ingredient successfully harmonizes with the others. It's a hefty patty, and when assembled with all the fixings it's so tall it's difficult to bite into, and you will make a mess. But it will be worth it, because this is a damn good burger. And a unique one, at that!

I am going to make a bold statement and declare this THE best burger in Las Vegas... for now. It's a competitive city for this title, but the Cure comes out on top.

Excuse the god-awful blurry photos, my haste to devour this amazing meal apparently affected my picture-taking abilities. You'll have to see (and taste!) it for yourself.

Link to original article:
http://www.thrillist.com/eat/nation/thrillist-s-best-new-burgers-2014"
"I've never set foot in this location, but I've had their delivery and leftovers several times- my guy and his coworkers regularly order from here because they deliver to Nellis, even late. Pizza is saucy and cheesy and inexpensive, while the wings are surprisingly meaty. I have yet to try the calzones or visit in person, but I'm glad this spot is an available option for the area."
"I love a good bargain, and though this chain. Is hit or miss at times, it's always worth a check if you have time to kill in the area!

I especially love how, unlike other dollar stores, this chain actually has a produce section! It's not extensive, and a bagged bunch of green onions will likely cost you less at an actual grocery store, but sometimes you find gold. 

Right now I'm really digging the bags of refrigerated ready-to-eat broccoli florets. Grab a couple of those and a container of ranch dip, and I'm a happy snacker for a few days.

Slightly disappointed that this location doesn't have wine, as locations I. Texas do. The bottles were entirely in Spanish, but I had a random Portuguese red and some sangrias I'd pay much, much more for."
"Great takeout spot with low prices and decent quality- it's not about to save you a trip to Chinatown when you're really craving something, though. Ordered online and came in for pickup when I was craving a weird variety of dishes. Food was ready fast and service was friendly.

Ordered ""spicy garlic"" wings, steamed pork dumplings, and chicken noodle soup. Wings were decently crispy but sauce just tasted like a mild spicy sauce. Dumpling filling was grainy, skins were tough, didn't finish eating these. The soup surprised me though, noodles were really chewy and broth was light but flavorful, very little chicken in here but good when you're not feeling well. I will probably be back to try their lunch combos."
"Vegas drivers are the worst. I was rear ended in a parking lot recently and my insurance partners with SK for repairs. Estimate with Skylar was quick and easy, office staff were friendly and helpful. Car was kept for just over a week and per my request, I was updated most days by text about progress. 

I've worked with another SK location before and my experience with this one was much more pleasant. My only complaint stems from the projected completion date- I received multiple messages with a pickup date of August 10 only to get a message after 4pm August 5th suddenly saying it'd be ready the next day. Glad to have her back early but more accurate estimation would have been better. Would go back here again though- their labor rates are very reasonable."
"Just ate here last night and am sad not to remember the name of our delightful waitress. Came down from our room for a late dinner using a coupon but had difficulty finding it, as the sushi bar is located within the Bennihana ""village"" that includes the Zen Lounge, a noodle bar, and the actual Bennihana.  Once we asked we were able to find it without a problem.

Interesting setup continues once you are inside- sushi bar has seating along the bar to watch the chef or at a few small tables. We opted for the tables and were seated near the center, where a water display is in full view. It was a little too loud for our liking though, and despite sitting close had some difficulty hearing my date. At times felt we were speaking too loudly when we adjusted our volume to be able to hear one another. Cute interior, lots of things to look at- even caught sight of an Asian couple leaving the upstairs portion following a wedding dinner. The elevator was pretty cool also.  

Coupon was for savings with purchase of a combination- date got one with a decent selection and I got the rainbow roll, and we picked at one another's food. I also got a salad (not so great) and the miso soup (which included lots of tofu, for some people that's a plus).  Fish was fresh and roll was tasty, which may have converted my date- he added a spider roll to our order, which was also fresh and delicious. 
Date had an entire bottle of sake to himself, which he ordered before realizing I was not going to partake- he enjoyed it but it's not quite my thing. I did, however, have a margarita on the rocks, which seemed like an odd selection but went well with the light fish meal. 

Waitress and the other server girl walking around were both very sweet and made limited but polite conversation with us. Love the kimono uniforms. Sushi menu was a little limited."
"Came in for genetic testing. Called that my schedule opened up and I could come in earlier for appointment, UMC staff who answered was short with me. Everyone I encountered when I came in was great, though. Everything was thoroughly explained and the process was quick and easy, I was in and out in about 20 minutes. I observed staff being exceptionally accommodating with an older patient who was having difficulty with the technology used to consent for services, input patient info, etc- contrary to negative service referenced in other reviews."
"I am not the hugest fan of Hawaiian food, but sometimes when a craving hits you just have to give in. Enter Joe's, temporarily operating out of the Retro Bleu space in the CSN Commons through Tuesday. They have a limited menu of island specialties, including pork hash, manapua, and chowfun. But I came for the Spicy Ahi Nachos!

Spicy Ahi Nachos- a huge portion for $12, topped with avocado and spicy tuna garnished with spicy mayo sauce and furikake, all on a crunchy base similar to wonton strips with a salty-sweet flavor to them. They're addictive! But for the sake of knowing their range, I also tried the aforementioned hash and manapua, and both were solid. They're ending service in this location Tuesday but will be premiering service in their own location at the end of the month."
"As a San Antonio native, any spot with the word ""Texas"" in it's name will immediately get my attention. While the name may erroneously imply that they are barbecue experts, I do like how the menu has sandwiches named after nearly all of the cities in TX. My first visit was okay but it was a few months before I felt compelled to visit again. Second visit was still solid, hence an overall good rating despite some issues. I am hoping they'll improve with time, as some issues cited in older reviews have already been addressed.

FIRST VISIT: Dined in, got the Dallas (brisket, bbq sauce, grilled onions, cheese on Texas Toast, $9), added crispy onions and spicy mayo along with a side of Frito Pie ($5).  Sandwich was large, brisket was juicy and not cut too lean as elsewhere, service was friendly and management spoke with each table. Frito Pie was small for the price but the flavor hit the spot for my nostalgic craving.

SECOND VISIT: Ordered pickup for a workday lunch via GrubHub, got the Midland (grilled steak, onions, peppers, and mushrooms with cheese and spicy mayo on Texas Toast again), added crispy onions and another side of Frito Pie. Again, huge sandwich and this one had a great combination of flavors, like a cheese steak but on better bread. But this time the Frito Pie, while conveniently packed deconstructed for pickup, was missing both the cheese and onions, which are arguably essential to the dish.

I really appreciate that staff are great with customizations but the line to order gets long with all the questions, so ordering online may be a better option. They have a great sauce bar with some bottled sauces and some house sauces, including both sweet and spicy barbecue. The Garlic Parm sauce is an expected hit that pairs well with the toast. 

While I may never be a regular here, it's a good lunch option to have in the area for something different. Good spot to share a meal too, since the sandwiches are large. They also have deep fried ribs, if you're into that sort of thing (I'm not)."
"Mediterranean food is among my top preferred cuisines, so when Ojax opened near me, I made dinner plans with a friend to check it out. We arrived to a packed house on a Friday night, with a large party taking up much of the dining room. Tables and bar space were still available for walk-in, and staff were gracious and attentive despite the event.

Menu is large, with plenty of mezze and grilled entrees. We shared the baba ghanoush ($7), grilled octopus ($20), grilled shrimp ($13), and the smoked fish platter ($20)- everything was super fresh and well-prepared. The grilled shrimp was my favorite, served sizzling in a skillet with tomato and feta, and amply portioned for the price (~10 pieces). The octopus was spectacularly prepared with a great smoky flavor, similar to other versions around town, but slightly better portioned than elsewhere. The baba ghanoush and fish platter weren't as successful- the eggplant in the dip seemed shredded instead of pureed, which lent an oddly stringy texture to it and it went unfinished. I did like the unusual addition of pomegranate seeds for color and extra flavor, though. The fish platter had great presentation, but some fish were better than others and one in particular was striated and tough and went unfinished. The owner generously treated us to a dessert plate of house-made baklava and kataifi, both of which were among the better versions I've had in town. My only suggestion would be to make the pita bread in house or at least heat it prior to serving, as it was cold and tore easily rather than being the soft, pliable pillow that really highlights a great mediterranean meal. 

The space is beautifully decorated and has patio seating available, and combined with the food and service a notable improvement for this plaza. Looking forward to returning for some of their meatier dishes like the grilled kabobs and lamb chops."
"I am such a huge fan of this spot! From the street-market interior to the warm service, and ultimately the amazing food. Chinese comfort food is the name of the game, and the pick-two entree is my go to. Bonus points here for having takeout ordering enabled on the Yelp app via GrubHub, which is how I usually grab my order.

Their barbecue pork and roasted duck are both fantastic- juicy and meaty and perfectly prepared. I can never pick a favorite, and still haven't tried their other proteins (pork belly in particular). The plate is served with rice and chinese broccoli, and I like how the juices from the meat drip down into the rice, making it extra-flavorful. Adding an egg here is awesome, too. I have yet to try their soups, but as soon as the temps drop, I plan to come back for the brisket and spicy broth!"
"This place is sad and suspicious- shelving/products are not labeled, and few price tag stickers were found. Picked up some items and they felt light as if some of the contents had been used prior to being put out for sale- GROSS. They have a lot of empty or sparse shelves, hopefully they will increase their stock as time goes on."
"I really like the Pressed brand, and the markup for this Strip location isn't too bad (think ~$1/bottle) but the location is just so inconvenient and difficult to find. For those of you who don't to wander the Aria aimlessly for half an hour, go upstairs and walk past the buffet. It's past the Starbucks, around the corner. I have no idea how they get any business being so hidden.

That said, I dig the glass-walled modern space and the staff were really friendly- I came in for a promotional drink from an email blast, and they let me know about a 3/$20 drink sale (and the promo drink was not excluded!), which was awesome. But they really need to get some signage up so people can find them better."
"Hawaiian takeout, similar to L&L. Combo plates, teriyaki bowls, boba teas, and more are available on their large menu. I tried a combo plate with a side of poki for a takeout lunch. Plate size was large, with a generous portion of protein. I liked the flavors and appreciated that the teri sauce wasn't too sweet, but the chicken had an odd, thick skin I didn't care for and the $6.50 poki side was the size of a condiment cup. A friend raves about their roast pork so eventually I'll try more when craving ono eats in this area- props for picking a spot where they don't have much competition for this cuisine."
"Pleasantly surprised! There isn't an overwhelming abundance of breakfast places around here, and diners can be pretty hit or miss- but this one knocks it out of the park! Menu has about ten different omelets, in addition to skillets, benedicts, and the usual waffles, pancakes, etc. along with lunch options: sandwiches, burgers, soups, and salads.

BF and I started with coffee and OJ, then opted for different omelets: the Jamm's signature omelet for me  (béarnaise sauce on the side, I never used it), Joe's omelet for my guy. Each omelet is about $10, and includes your bread of choice (I opted for the plain pot bread, BF had the special: walnut brownie) as well as an additional side (wedge fries for me, cottage cheese for the dude).
Good portion sizes for the price, both with the variety of sides and the sizes of individual items.

Omelets were both cooked perfectly: others have said they are drowning in cheese, which is not entirely true. Mine had a good amount, but the Joe's omelet was a little lighter. Both had good amounts of meat and veggies. 
The fries are tasty and seasoned, served in a cute little individual fryer basket container (cute!), cottage cheese is standard. The pot bread was a delightful surprise! Preferred the plain flavor: reminded me of slightly-sweet biscuits with dinner, growing up with homestyle country meals. The walnut brownie pot bread was sweet, but no overwhelmingly chocolatey or nutty- the name had made me expect more of a dessert on the table, but it wasn't overkill.

Service, as others have said, rocks. Attentive and polite, not overbearing or annoying.
Will be returning to try the benedicts and perhaps a lunch one of these days. And the featured pot bread, of course!"
"It's a chain restaurant in a local's casino on the bad side of town. It's sufficient and fairly consistent. Hit up this spot for an easy dinner before seeing a movie at the Century theater across the floor. Request indoor seating to avoid casino smoke (open ""patio"" gets the fumes). Service is attentive, with most servers training another employee.

Food on most recent visit was priced a bit higher than I expected but it's been ages since I've been to a TGI. They've added new menu items to try to stay trendy, and I really appreciate that they list their calorie count and nutrition info on the menu- went with a soup/salad combo instead of other dishes I was eyeing. Food was fresh, friend got a skillet meal that was sizzling and flavorful while mine was as expected. Drink refills were prompt, which is a nice plus."
"This teacher is a HUGE fan of recess- the one that gets me a midday break from my kiddos, as well as the one that gets me a cold treat on a hot Vegas day! Like a few other Italian ice spots in the valley, Recess offers ices and custards, but the flavors here are a bit more unique and all are made in-house.

The Reeses gelati sundae is a favorite of mine, but I change the chocolate custard to vanilla or twist. Fruity flavors are better when you need something light and refreshing but the horchata is my go-to. While I can find a similar product elsewhere, the ice here is less icy and more creamy than others. Not sure how they do it, but I like it!"
"Come for crazy sugary pancake flavors and attentive service. Our server was friendly and made easy small talk as we finalized our orders. The mint chocolate chip pancakes ($10) weren't quite to my liking but the serving size was huge, the whipped cream was fresh, and my guy enjoyed them. I do wish they weren't so sloppy. 

 Unfortunately, we didn't really care for anything else we ordered. The chipotle hollandaise on the Bite Benedict was thin and runny, rendering the English muffins soggy. Other than the extra spicy chorizo and some bits of jalapeno, nothing else had much flavor. ""The Favorite"" omelet fell short of it's promise- a generous amount of goat cheese and avocado were appreciated but the overall vegetable medley just didn't really work. Sides of hash browns and red potatoes were enjoyed more than our entrees.  

The menu is kind of all over the place and it's hard to get a feel for what they do well. I like that they offer French Press coffee but their fresh-squeezed juices are available at (an over inflated and pretentious-sounding) ""market price"" which I found to be a bizarre marketing choice. Maybe the lunch menu fares better, food-wise."
"I don't know who got the ""bright idea"" to start serving milk tea in light bulb-shaped bottles, but I like it! It doesn't hurt that the teas are made fresh rather than from a powder, and they make their fruit toppings in house. Their boba is decent, but the teas shine on their own. The Strawberry Matcha Latte is a nice balance of flavors, and I'm thrilled that their ""regular"" sweetness isn't overwhelming, as I find it elsewhere."
"Flavors are on point here at Curry Leaf. No buffet, just a la carte entrees, apps, sides, and desserts. I stuck to some fairly safe favorite dishes and found them all to be of great quality with deep, complex flavors. Ambiance is going for an upscale feel but pricing is reasonable.

SAAG PANEER: Pure vegetarian Indian comfort, with unusually creamy and plentiful paneer. Pairs fabulously with the garlic naan (which was deliciously fragrant and beautifully blistered), this is my preferred meal.
ROGAN JOSH: BF's pick, ordered medium, with a spicy and flavorful sauce. Lamb was in large, plentiful chunks but could have been more tender. Both main dishes included rice.
BAINGAN BHARTA: Side of tandoori-smoked eggplant mash was contender for my favorite dish, with great smoky flavor and good texture. A bargain at $6/side.
KULFI TRIO: We couldn't resist dessert, and the house-made ice creams fulfilled out sweets craving with a bright mango flavor, sweet raspberry, and nutty pistachio. Couldn't pick a favorite as they were all good, with great creamy consistency. 

Interior is upscale with modern (but slightly uncomfortable) chairs and a large bar area (but no alcohol license?), makes for an intimate date-night dinner spot. Unclear whether they plan to expand seating into the adjacent patio area. Service was attentive and polite throughout. 

This is one of those places I would come back and get the exact same meal, rather than trying more on the menu. They do the classic dishes extremely well and the portions were generous. Great option for a vegetarian meal."
"Exterior is unassuming, and you walk in to an immediate brick wall before entering the sushi bar. Very awkward. Japanese kitchen area is separate, did not go into it during my visit. Lunch menu til 4PM allowed me to score half-portion (and half-price) rolls for me and my guy, along with a salad and an app for around $40. Score!

Tuna poke salad ($8) was tasty, shrimp shumai ($5) was okay but didn't hit that craving-dim-sum spot that I hoped it would.
Sushi was surprisingly good- fish was fresh, flavors were on point. BF and I were torn between picking favorites among the rolls: his was the WHITE TIGER (shrimp, takuan, avocado, cucumber, topped with lightly seared super white tuna, soy sauce, bansai sauce) while mine was the KAI'S SPECIL (eel, spicy tuna, avocado, cream cheese, eel sauce). The Cali roll was as expected, and the OH KAMISAMA was good too (shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, topped with seared salmon, tataki, banzai sauce). 

Service was attentive up until our bill came- then our guy disappeared for a solid ten minutes for no apparent reason. We were the only patrons present in that part of the restaurant."
"First things first: they still have the great nem nuong rolls! I nearly got in an accident when I saw the signage change for Pho D'licious, but it seems to be essentially just a name change. Food and service are still good.

The nem nuong rolls are a must-order, the pair is only $4 and the house sauce is bomb. The #11 combination pho dac biet is also a go-to item, and done well with a complex broth, plenty of noodles, and lean meat. My newest favorite dish here is the Luna Rice Cakes- crispy egg cups with sauteed shrimp, served with a heap of veggies and fish sauce for dipping!

Their grand opening promotion is awesome- each entree gets a beverage or dessert, the Vietnamese iced coffee and a macaron are good choices. Service is really attentive to details: they'll bring out separate dipping sauce cups for each person at the table without even having to ask, and refill drinks promptly."
"I don't even know where to start with this place. Allegedly founded by award-winning cake baker Flora Aghababyan, I walked in to a disappointingly meager selection and no evidence of the artistic flair she is known for (and what is featured on the business website). Local rumors are swirling that this spot isn't affiliated with her, hence their sudden name change. A few whole cakes and some by-the-slice options were present- no pastries, breads, or any other baked goods. Perhaps I should have expected that, given the name, but the shop was quite bare.

Service is a joke. I came in and was stared at until I made a selection, the staff chattered away with one another in Persian(?) and had difficulty ringing me up. When I mentioned the business name change, staff again started speaking to one another and I did not receive an answer. 

I sampled two cakes- the Bird cake and one whose description included coffee. Each slice was around $3, and each was a bland, flavorless, dry mess. These cakes tasted days old.  The Bee Sting Cake at German Bread bakery is significantly better.

As Michael U's review mentions, I snapped a photo of the exterior signage and the pastry case and received a harsh glare... before the staff began again, grumbling angrily in a foreign language.  Unwelcoming doesn't even begin to cover the feeling of this place. 

NOTE: Yelp hours are incorrect, this business is closed Sundays. Not that it matters, because I can't see a reason to come here."
"Old school meets new school at the Shack! Classic burgers are flavorful due to a proprietary blend of short rib and beef, while the shakes get modernized with a great salted dulce de leche flavor that will knock your socks off. They also have tacos, also available with short rib, along with your choice of three fresh salsas!

The only things old school about this place are the design and service- dig the roadside signage and genuinely nice cashiers. Note that the ""regular"" cheeseburger is actually a double stack, so plan accordingly and bring your appetite, this will probably be the only meal you eat today."
"Very solid Mexican food, almost Tex-Mex style. Heads up, the ""fast food"" part of the restaurant name is a bit of a misnomer. They can do a takeout order in about 10 minutes, but it's basically a walk-up and dine-in establishment.

Enjoyed their California steak burrito- special item, not on the regular menu. Order any of their burritos wet with enchilada sauce, it's mild but flavorful. Trying the enchiladas on my next visit. Breakfast burritos are large with choice of meat, shrimp and fish tacos are listed a la carte instead of as plates.

Service was friendly (and fluent), salsa bar is quite nice (the roasted salsa in particular rocks), and they offer tamales by pre-order: 2 days advance notice, 2 dozen for ~$15?"
"I was introduced to Habit Burgers a year or so back when I visited the Bay area- loved their char burgers then, glad to have them in easy reach now. They may have salads on the menu, but do yourself a favor and just get the burger. The salads aren't bad but they're really average- I stole the first and last bites of my guy's burger to console myself.

The sides deserve a mention, too- in addition to some standard but well-executed fries, they also offer tempura green beans, which are a fun little switch to make to your standard burger meal. Don't think they're actually ""healthy"" though, I mean they're still fried.

Service is great. Even coming at the end of the dinner rush, counters were clean and staff were courteous. My takeout order was packed up nicely and I was offered additional ketchup and ranch (gratis!) before I headed out. Don't forget to check out the ""chili bar""-- chili peppers, pepperoncinis, and jalapenos galore."
"This is one of those businesses you don't know about until you need them: in my case, my PS3 went out.
Found this place based on a Google search- also Googled the issue and tried to fix it on my own, to no avail. 
The Yellow Light of Death (an overheating issue) required me to get my unit serviced, and rather than ship it off to Sony for a starting cost of $150, I decided to try out Vegas Repair.

They're tucked away in the very back of a run down and mostly-vacated strip mall, not a place you're likely to stumble upon. You can feel safe leaving your electronics there, because there are cameras everywhere, which was a good sign. Their website is a little dated but informative- please be aware that it does not work in mobile mode, so take down their address before you hop in your car.

Service was polite, fast, and friendly. I worked with the same guy both picking up and dropping off, and he remembered me. I also appreciated that he checked my phone number with my console to make sure I was picking up the right one. 

From drop off to pick up, it was only 2 days before they called me with a quote to repair, and I was given the option to verbally confirm the repair or to decline and have them reassemble. I was quoted $95 including parts, tax, and labor to repair the GPU (which involved some soldering from what I understand). A little bummed that the price was so high, given that their website lists repairs as starting at $30 but doesn't provide a list of common device issues and pricing- a set up that seems guaranteed to potentially screw people over if they're not knowledgeable. 
To be fair, I didn't look up other places/prices: I just looked up the cost of replacing my unit with another used PS3 at around $150 and aimed to find something reasonable.

Happy with service, there's a 60-day guarantee, and after repairs you have 30 days to pick up- mighty lenient, IMO. The guys left me a polite voicemail when the work was complete, and got me in and out to pick up in under 5 minutes."
"This is the first year I've attended the Olympia expo- I had my reservations about attending, as I am obviously not a body builder and worried that I'd feel uncomfortable among all of these fitness pros for whom crafting a killer bod is their career. That fear was completely unwarranted and there are attendees at all stages of their fitness journey here, and everyone was friendly.

The obvious perks for attendees are the freebies and the opportunity to meet pros you've only seen on TV or followed on IG- and they're typically enthusiastic about talking to and meeting fans, and taking photos, which was cool to see. There are many brands present to try new supplements, pre-workouts, or BCAAs, or just to stock up on your usual stuff with a discount (and no shipping fees!), along with some apparel brands and fitness publications (M&F is a sponsor). The freebies alone more than make up your ticket cost ($30/day or $50/weekend). If shopping and samples aren't your thing, try your hand at one of the many competitions- or just watch!

More than anything else though, it's fascinating people watching and a weirdly energizing atmosphere- I'm tempted to make a Bingo card for next year to catch all of the bizarre photo ops, long mens room lines, women in stage makeup and tans, random mascots, and the insane amount of implants and accents. 

TIP: Go early to avoid crowds and experience short lines, but stay late to get the lowest price deals. Also, The Rock made a last-minute surprise appearance for the final hour, which more than made the six hour day on my feet worth it!"
"I saw the billboards and drove past this place, thinking surely a place with a drive thru did not warrant this much excitement. Like other reviewers, I too expected this place to be equivalent to McDonald's take on ""authentic Greek food"". Oh how wrong I was.

GYRO SLIDER- a baby gyro, complete with tomato and onion, and a cup of the famously delicious cucumber cream sauce. It's about five bites, the perfect size for a large snack, or just grab two for a meal. Meat is overflowing and tender, just the right light amount of veggies to add balance, all wrapped in warm pita. Yeah, I used the entire cup of cucumber sauce on this little thing. And loved it all.
SPANAKOPITA- about $4 and easily the largest piece of spanakopita I've ever had, even comparing it to more formal sit-down restaurants. Well-priced for good value, and on top of that, it's freaking delicious: light flaky phyllo dough, tons of creamy feta cheese and spinach stuffing, very indulgent. This could be a meal in itself.
BAKLAVA- at $2, the price is on par with others in the area for this dessert. But it's two or three times the size of the ""usual"" orders elsewhere, and it tastes homemade with an extra kick of some sort of seasoning/spice to make it unique, though I can't place my finger on what it is; allspice or clove. Oh, and it's proportionally accurate with a good amount of filling, rather than being mostly flaky dough, as I've had elsewhere.
GREEK SALAD- I don't like the way it's packaged and how it consists entirely of iceberg lettuce, but their feta dressing is probably my favorite salad dressing ever.

I regularly hit the drive thru here for a midday snack or to grab an easy and cheap dinner. Food is always fresh, prices are really good, quality is higher than any other place I've been with a drive-thru.

EDIT: Dropping my rating. They no longer offer the spinach pie and if you order a gyro slider, they are now served on crappy store-bought flatbread rather than the fresh mini-pitas they used to use. Service is still good, but I go here a lot less now that the quality has gone down."
"Conveniently located near the real post office, as an alternative option for when you see the gigantic lines. Or for when you forget your copies or photos for a passport application. Staff are fast and knowledgeable, small selection of greeting cards and office supplies available too."
"Ignore the word ""bread"" in the restaurant name, and order a salad: they're actually really good! The chopped salad or their seasonal kale-quinoa are both solid, with a good size and plenty of toppings for various flavors and textures. The pesto vinaigrette dressing was great, would buy by the bottle. At around ~$10 (with a protein), it's not a bad deal for a healthy airport meal. 

Line moves fast, salads and sandwiches are pre-made and boxed up. Not sure if they'll make a dish fresh if you have special requests or dietary restrictions. Lots of seating and outlets to charge up your devices while you munch."
"Any place with breakfast tacos on the menu automatically garners my immediate attention. Growing up in Texas, bfast tacos are a diet staple but outside those state lines you can only find breakfast burritos- which are totally NOT the same thing. At all. 

Plate here includes two massive tacos on double-layer corn, with options to add sausage, chorizo, or bacon to your eggs, cheese is included and condiments of sour cream and salsa are provided. You also get a potato side (reds or browns).
Huge portion: tortillas were overflowing, removed over half the filling before I could even pick up the tacos to eat properly (not a complaint!), and the corn tortillas held up so well that I was able to stick to a single layer and used the extras to make additional tacos with the overflow!
Not following? You can easily make 4 good sized tacos with this plate.

Chicken fajita omelet is a good pick too- potato side and bread side included (toast, english muffin, or biscuit). Servers have no problem with substitutions, and easily changed out my bell peppers for extra mushrooms. Sadly, the mushrooms seemed canned, but there as a more than generous portion of veggies in the dish. Hashbrowns were undercooked, but we didn't come close to finishing.

Now for my gripe. You're the BISCUIT Café- not the breakfast taco café, not the omelet cafe. The biscuits here were lackluster and dismal, with little taste and an oddly crunchy exterior. Fluffy interior was great and the raspberry jam we received was off the charts, but when we ordered a side of gravy ... well, that was bad, too. Virtually tasteless and gluey, like a poorly made box mix. 

I didn't expect the breakfast tacos to knock it out of the park like they did (highly recommend the bacon and chorizo), but to fail at making your namesake dish? Really bummed by that.
Service was amazing and even at 10:30AM on a weekend, there were a few tables available without a wait. But the line was out the door by noon!"
"Friendly service and jerky made on-site in about 20 flavors! JB's teriyaki is my favorite, but the teriyaki with black pepper is also pretty good, they're not too sweet like I usually find teriyaki jerky. They also offer some more unique flavors like green chile and ""better than steak"" (which actually wasn't, to me). Service is really sweet and they're happy to have you sample plenty of flavors to figure out what you like. 

Note that the space is small and hours are a bit limited. They have a progressive discount, so the more you purchase, the lower you pay per bag: $10/ea, or 2/$18, 3/$27, etc."
"I don't have lobster rolls often, but when I do, they better be delicious and packed with fresh seafood. Despite the food court location, Phillips fits the bill. $15 will get you a decent-sized roll packed with lobster and a heap of seasoned waffle fries.

Bread was super-buttery but a bit hard, lobster was a generous portion and lightly seasoned. I didn't care for the massive lettuce leaf- seemed to be more for color and presentation than flavor, ended up tossing it. Fries were your basic frozen-seasoned-waffle type. From reading previous reviews, it seems like they made the portion bigger so this easily makes a filling meal."
"I can't speak to their pizzas, but the salads are decent to average for the pre-packed airport variety. The chopped salad in particular is a good portion for ~$10, fresh and with a lot of chicken and salami. I did not care for the actual taste of the salami, which seemed a bit funky. I picked it off. They also offer an extremely-average caesar.

 My main complaint about this spot is their slow service: I understand a pizza would take a while to get, even in a quick-burn oven, but the woman at the register was making excessive conversation as a line got larger and larger. 

TIP: as of mid-October, the area directly in front of this restaurant is undergoing flooring construction, so foot traffic really bottlenecks up right here, making the line look even longer than it is."
"Gobble Gobble Give made my Thanksgiving amazing. It's my first year staying in town for the holidays and gave me something meaningful to do with friends while also making me use my time off work productively AND the obvious benefit to helping others. Win-win-win.

Facebook event listing suggested attendees bring a hot dish, toiletry kits, and warm clothes. The kits were easily assembled after hitting up a couple Dollar Stores, and a friend and I spent the day before cooking up a feast of roasted turkey, pulled pork, mashed potatoes, sausage stuffing, green bean casserole, kale salad, and pumpkin tarts. The clothes were less emphasized due to our extremely warm weather.

Event ran all day (9AM-3PM) and was fairly well organized. Volunteers had many options from directing traffic, sorting clothing, assembling and delivering plates, prepping food, etc. or you could just drive through and drop stuff off.  I did a little of everything for the three hours spent there. GGG is a great group and the organizers were so enthusiastic and friendly. Looking forward to going again."
"Its like Panera, but without the focus on healthy choices or flavor. Everything on the menu sounds decent, but nothing has any flavor. As others pointed out, the peppered turkey has no pepper accent whatsoever.

Tried the pick two combo- half a sando, half a salad, and a spicy pickle for about $8. GOBBLER sandwich (peppered turkey, feta, artichoke hearts, sundried tomato mayo) had little to no feta nor artichoke hearts, as I could not detect them at all in the sandwich that I consumed. The PARISIAN salad (grilled chicken, bleu cheese, EVOO mayo, avocado, bacon, red onion) sounded tasty, if remarkably unParisian- but it was presented thrown together with minimal toppings, and sided with a huge heap of guacamole, which went with neither dish on the plate? Guess they know their food has no flavor, and that must be their attempt to fix it?

Service was polite, plate was delivered to my table after ordering, but I was never checked on to ask about the discrepancies with my dishes. Manager/owner appeared to be chatting with friends at the front counter for the duration of my visit, wish she had been more involved in the service- maybe the dishes would have come out correctly.

They do have a Yelp check-in offer for free drink/chips upgrade with your order."
"Solid, as far as thrift shops go. You don't need to pop tags, because most items don't have them and rely instead on general signage or take it to the front desk and ask--I did this with a pair of old-school grey women's heeled loafers and found out they were $1.50, no joke

Service is friendly, Andree was a polite cashier and the woman in the jewelry department started chatting about the upcoming football season when she saw my 49ers tee.

Music, books, and movies to the back of the store; kitchenwares department was the only one I found lackluster- but they did have several crock pots available. Furniture is okay, best items are toward the front of the store. Large selection of lamps."
"Pretty cool museum for all those folks who say Vegas doesn't invest in educational pursuits and has no culture. It's not the best museum I've ever been to, and it's not particularly child-friendly, but it's affiliated with the Smithsonian and especially relevant to Vegas considering all of this atomic research was conducted close by.

When I say it's not a child-friendly museum, it's because the set up is information heavy and consists of reading large chunks of writing, repeatedly. It's kind of overload. Before I was even half way through, I was just skimming. Few of the sections had interactive components- because no, having a screen with five different videos to pick from isn't what I call interactive.

The part I most enjoyed was the time line: it showed popular events in pop culture, world history, and in atomic testing, all on the same diagram so you could see what events were happening at the same time as others.

On thing I didn't care for was the inclusion of random canvases of art: someone with a paintbrush and some talent made a series of paintings depicting people during the time of atomic testing in various contemporary scenes. All included a small tag with the work's name and sale price. I found this tacky. Sell things inside the museum store, not inside the museum itself.

Last couple of exhibits were related to south western Indian tribes, advances in technology, and a modern major events in history: with a chunk of the Berlin wall and one of the beams from the World Trade Center 9/11."
"The gyro I had here is quite possibly the best I've had, ever- and I've had a lot of freaking gyros, trust. The meat is super-tender and flavorful, the pita is perfectly pillowy, and the tzatziki tastes great. They're not stingy about the sauce and feta, either! 

Efficiency needs a little work. Note that the shop has no seating, it's exclusively a grab-and-go counter. I spent 30+ minutes placing and waiting for an order. Two other customers present during my visit came in to pick up a call-ahead order and both still had to wait quite a bit. They've been open two months, so I would think this had been worked out a little better, but maybe they just haven't found their groove yet. Menu is limited, with a few sandwiches, a salad, and options for pastries. Quality is really decent and prices are very fair.

NOTE: They're offering BOGO gyros for their grand opening, so hurry in to take advantage!"
"This is what a dining experience is supposed to be like:  adventurous and delicious food with impeccable service. The late hours, classy decor, and Fat Tire on tap are all just bonuses. The owner and chef taking their time to introduce themselves and discuss their restaurant are the extra above-and-beyond kicking it up to five stars.

Owner Ryan Chang is personable and friendly, full of suggestions to help navigate a menu where everything sounds like something you have to try. Opted to start with the GLASS NOODLES IN ONION SOUP ($8_, which was delicate and classic in the French style. Four thin and flavorful slices of NY Strip within the soup add just the perfect amount of flavor, making this an excellent and subtle starter dish.
Followed up with the chef's special, SHRIMP RISOTTO ($12), plated beautifully with an entire, enormous shrimp (possibly actually a prawn?) surrounded by delicate risotto with mushrooms. Again, delicious and subtle- Chef Hong's classical training is very much evident in each dish.
Lastly we went for the CHICKEN WINGS ($8 for 6), very lightly breaded and topped in a light sauce that was almost a glaze. Plated beautifully, again, and accompanied by daikon, which served almost as a palate cleanser.
Had to try dessert- Ryan recommended the special CREME BRULEE ($5), using a berry popular in Asia. I can't recall it's specific name but the taste was magical, each bite literally tasted different, with notes of sweet, then bitter, sour and a touch salty throughout the dining experience. Truly an adventurous dish.

Following our dessert, Chef Hong came out to introduce himself and ask how his dishes were received- overwhelmingly positive experience! Owner made the effort to learn our names over our visit and escorted us out the door when we left.
Stellar service and phenomenal food. So glad we live so close, we will be making this a regular date night dining stop. Already planning which dishes we want to try next!

EDIT:
Have returned for the roasted eggplant salad, surf and turf roll, smoked mackerel kimchi pasta, and the house smoked salmon- still exceptional. They also are now open for lunch service, with a selection of rice and noodle dishes that ALL look amazing and aren't available at dinner."
"Saw this food truck at the recent food truck festival, mentally bookmarked them to try at another time since they were local. Stumbled upon them in the parking lot of the gas station at Charleston and Decatur last night when I was prowling for a snack.

Service was friendly and helpful, suggesting their favorite arepas, asking if and how we'd heard of them, and letting us know they'd be in the space 6-11PM Thurs-Saturday evenings.

Opted for the #1 and #2 with a blackberry juice.
Juice was a bit too sweet for my tastes, would try the mango on another visit.
The #1 (Pabellon: Black Beans, Shredded Beef, Sweet Plantains, and Mozzarella Cheese with Rika sauce) was a punch of flavor, with savory beef and the sweetness of the plantains, and I appreciated the texture contrast of the crispy corn patty and the creamy cheese.
The #2 (La Sureña: Grilled chicken and house made, no preservatives, smoked chorizo, avocado slices, along with Rika style Chimi-churri sauce) was my BF's favorite. The grilled chicken had a good charred flavor to it and combined with the avocado, reminded me of a fajita flavor. Sauce perfectly complemented the other ingredients, and the chorizo added a touch of saltiness, almost like bacon. 

What I really need to say is that the flavors of the arepas here blew me away- I have gone to Viva Las Arepas and was underwhelmed, and keeping in mind this is a food truck, I was pleasantly overwhelmed! 
Prices were fair (about $6 per arepa) and portions were giant- BF and I were unable ot finish, made a great breakfast in the morning."
"Find the hidden elevator entrance, shoot up to the 51st floor, step out and enjoy the view- floor to ceiling windows highlight a great nighttime view of the city, with the Strip to the far right. Walk into the dining room, and you're greeted by a sexy bar and a wall of candles, for a romantic ambiance perfect for date night.

Came here for light bites at the bar- menu has a selection of 9 appetizers for $9, cocktails are $14. We ordered 5 apps and dessert, but left confident about returning for a full meal, particularly one with visiting guests who would appreciate the view.

FILET SLIDER: Slider, singular, as in one, for $9. Very tasty with caramelized onions and bleu cheese, but definitely should come in a pair.
CRAB AND LEMON BRUSCHETTA: Speaking of pairs, this dish came in an odd presentation with five tiny crostini. Considering most diners come in pairs, it would make more sense to make your apps more sharable. However, this was very tasty with a good amount of fresh crab and light citrus accents.
FRIED ARTICHOKE: I did not care for this at all. The few fried chunks were served on a bed of shredded lettuce and accompanied by a ""spicy"" orange dipping sauce that didn't taste like much of anything. Pass.
ARANCINI BALLS: Uh, hold the phone. These were delicious. Four plump balls with a thin crust of breading and a bit of sausage inside with the cheeses. This was a better version than the one I ordered at Giadas, that's for sure. 
ROASTED BRUSSELS SPROUTS: Holy truffle oil, Batman. Generous portion of sprouts, properly roasted til crunchy outside but still tender. But drowning in truffle oil, and oddly interspersed with bits of blackened bacon? I don't know, it was easily the richest batch of Brussels sprouts I've ever had, but it somehow almost worked. Obviously steer clear if truffle oil is a turn off for you.
STRAWBERRY CARPACCIO: Curious name, pretty presentation. Sliced strawberries drizzled with balsamic with a scoop of ice cream and a few sprinkles of granola? It's like a deconstructed parfait but with savory notes. I can't say I'd get it again necessarily, but it was a fun, fresh, and light end to our meal.

Service was very attentive without being overbearing. The two bartenders who helped us were friendly, engaging, and humorous. I wouldn't come back for apps, but definitely plan to try their dinner menu. I did not like how the apps were served on one giant trough of a platter rather than on individual plates, which would have been classier and more appropriate for the location."
"Helpful staff helped me find two parts a home-bound mechanic friend needed. Unfortunately they did not have a variety of sizes for their wire connectors, and other than 14/16 and occasional 18/20 butt pieces, they didn't have 18 gauge sizes for anything. Very odd.

Ultimately was able to find passable parts courtesy of the help of a gentleman who was doing stock in the back room and saw me looking through the smaller parts section in confusion while chatting on my phone to my friend.

Though this guy was really sweet about coming out to help me even though he's clearly not floor staff, the front desk clerk had the personality of a piece of notebook paper and other than asking me of I needed a bag, didn't say anything else to me- didn't even tell me my total charge or say thank you. Unusual."
"Bookmarked this place after seeing their PAMBAZO TORTA listed in an issue of LV Weekly, as one of the Top 10 Mexican Meals of the city. I don't remember the ranking, but the description was enough to motivate me to seek this place out.

I ordered the torta and a mushroom quesadilla, based on another review. The quesadilla is damn delicious when you actually get something in your bite that isn't just cheese. Wish the mushrooms were more plentiful, or more evenly distributed, because once you get that perfect bite, there's no going back.

But back to that torta. To say I was underwhelmed is an understatement. Even digging in right after I received my order, the bread was soggy with grease to the point that it was difficult to eat. I know better than to expect something healthy when I eat Mexican, but this was overkill. What was most disappointing was the flavor: there really wasn't any. I could tell I was eating potatoes, and in addition to the grease, I stumbled upon some crumbles that let me know my meal contained chorizo, but nothing had flavor.  I added salt, I added salsa, but there was no perking up this dish. 

I don't know how this torta made anyone's list of great foods, or if I simply received something other than what they usually serve- but this is not something I'd care to eat again."
"I love their variety of house-made ice cream flavors (lychee, black sesame, and cookie monster are favorites!) and the fact that they offer vegan options. Add in that they're one of the few spots you can get a macaron ice cream sandwich, and they sell boba (not too popular this side of town), they're set up for success!

Unfortunately, this location has quality issues- lots of great flavors but an awkward consistency for the ice creams, closer to that of a frozen yogurt. This may be due to the freezers being kept at the wrong temperature, given that orders were half-melted upon receipt. My mac sandos were sloppy, not at all IG worthy... taste was good though.

Staffing one lone employee for the entire shop is a recipe for disaster. In addition to melting ice creams, boba was overcooked and half the macaron options on display were out of stock."
"A bakery that also serves alcohol? I'm in trouble! This place has all your favorite vices: indulgent sweets, quality wines, and even savory scones. If you have a crack habit, I'm pretty sure it's baked into the delicate, double-layer fruit Pavlova. 

This is also the only place you'll find macarons the size of your palm- higher price, lessened opportunity to try multiple styles, but the flavors are spot-on! The popular ginger-fig has been a bit elusive, but the strawberry-lemonade has ample, balanced notes of each, plus a smear of jam in the middle. 

Everything in the cases looks like a work of art. On the downside, they're priced like art, too- $5.25/macaron, $7 for that tiny but tasty Pavlova. Great spot for a special occasion, like a Girls Night Out or a birthday meetup with friends, but not an easy spot to visit regularly."
"Do you know an alien fanatic? If you need to get them a gift any time soon, popping by this place may give you some gift ideas: everything from books and toys to shirts, documentaries, and even alien marionettes are here! 

Welcoming staff, kitschy exterior décor with an Area 51 alien on display facing the intersection. Takes a really dedicated hobbyist to turn a fascination with the extraterrestrial into a profitable business! Most of the products here are geared more toward kids, but they get a  bonus star for having Alien stout beer from New Mexico available in their refrigerator case!"
"It was a trek out to this side of town for me, but there are definitely some awesome hole-in-the-wall Mexican places in this neighborhood. La Playita is no exception, though I will note that they seem to specialize in seafood options.

CHIPS & SALSA: Thick and salty chips, fresh and mild red salsa, it's good but don't fill up on this.
EMPANADAS ($8): start with an appetizer of these, cooked perfectly with a flakey exterior and a good portion of filling. Order of 4 is available with chorizo and cheese or shrimp.
SHRIMP TACO ($3): available fried or ""not fried"", which comes in a warm tomato sauce almost like a seafood stew. Small in size but packed with flavor.
TOSTADA DE DEVICHE MIXTO ($5): generous portion of fresh ceviche, heavy on the octopus, topped with avocado. Simple and bright, not too acidic.

Interior is clean, small, and homey, decorated with a nautical motif. Service was friendly and fluently bilingual. Glad that this place is NOT a cash-only establishment!"
"Ordered the #1 right before close: mustard, chili, cheese, and onions.
Dog was out quick, service was friendly, but product was sub-par: small dog looked boiled and old, not at all visually appealing. 
Taste did not seem to include any mustard per the order board, but the chili was actually really good. Onions were weird, almost shredded to death instead of chopped. Bun fell apart halfway through eating.
This isn't the best food court I've come across, but there are better options here instead of this joint."
"I fell in love with Dog Haus two years ago and have been comparing all the dogs I eat to the standard they set ever since. I begged them to open a Vegas location, and finally they granted my wish! Unfortunately, my favorite (the Pig & the Fig) didn't make the Vegas menu, but don't let that stop you from finding your favorite!

SOOO CALI: The spicy basil aioli is amazing, but the avocado and crispy onions give it great texture too! A fun explosion of fresh flavors. 
RESERVOIR DOG: a kicked-up take on your usual chili dog, with slaw and mustard, was my guy's favorite. Heads up, the chili is spicier than expected!
SCOTT BAIOLI: I got this for the garlic aioli and caramelized onions but was underwhelmed. Sauce didn't have much flavor, felt like the choice of cheese didn't really fit the other flavors. 
THE COWBOY: bacon, white American cheese, onions, and bbq sauce somehow didn't come together for the wild ride I'd anticipated. 
SIDES/SHAKES: Vanilla shake was super-thick, I hear the salted caramel version is even better. Tots and fries are crispy and salted, add cheese sauce if you're not concerned about a coronary. 

Even on busy opening day, service was friendly and organized. The industrial decor and hard-rock music give this spot a fun identity. Heads up, your vegetarian friends can enjoy the food too: they offer a vegetarian hot dog AND two different veggie sausages!"
"As a San Antonio native, I have to tell everyone: there's nothing like Tex-Mex. Sorry Vegas, you have a lot of good taquerias and all, but the nuances that make it just right aren't here. Luckily, La Gloria just opened so I can get my hometown taco and margarita fix every so often, without shelling out for  a plane ticket. 

Menu is small: about seven varieties of tacos (three to an order), two ceviches, and some small items like quesadillas, and the rest of the menu is aguas frescas and margaritas. Opted for the Alambre tacos- beef with grilled peppers and onions. So tasty, so fresh, good quality.

 But lord, I wish they hadn't opened on the Strip because prices are literally double what they should be. At $10 for three MINI tacos, it's about a buck a bite. At least give me normal sized tacos, guys! The palm-sized minis are a mean trick, even moreso when they're tearing slightly before I even get them to my mouth."
"Yesterday was my wash-cut-style with Gwen: she's delightful and bubbly, a great and chatty personality. I haven't touched up my color since I was in Texas with my original colorist and I'm always hesitant to let a new person do anything other than a simple cut. But my head was starting to look pretty shabby.

Gwen quoted me $50 to touch up color, then advised adding lowlights to offset the color a little more favorably. With tip, I was comfortable spending $80 to finally look like my old self again.

She took her time on all steps of my transformation and was happy to provide bottled water, advice on events and businesses to check out as a newbie in Vegas, and had two regulars while I was finishing up- they are clearly dedicated to her services and she maintains excellent bonds with her clients.

I am happy with my color (and with the cost!), and now also have show, restaurant, and gym recommendations aplenty- a very worthwhile stop to both fix my mane and get clued in to social life in the valley.

Side note: as others have stated, Gwen seems to pack in the appointments and she was right on time up until I added on the color treatment. But I'm happy to report that she made sure everyone was satisfied before letting them go, and seemed to be a pro at juggling her clients while ensuring each got the attention and service they came in for."
"I'm no cinnamon roll connoisseur, but I enjoy them well enough. Besides the frosting and punch of cinnamon flavor, the thing I like most about cinnamon rolls is the variety of textures- a crispier outside roll with softer, moister middle twists. Homie's cinnamon rolls are pretty tasty but they lack the things I specifically look for.

The rolls are kept on display in a warmer. The pecan flavor has a couple of nuts in it rather than the prevalence I'd anticipated. The entire roll seems to be chewy, doughy, softness- and it's great but not my preference. Toward the middle it got a bit undercooked too, but all that same texture (and the overload of sugar) was too much for me to finish. 

For those who aren't huge cinnamon roll fans, they do have a basic breakfast menu- I might return for their biscuits and gravy, which they probably do well. 

TIP: Storefront is not visible from the street, it's in the Walmart plaza to the far right."
"Came here with a group on a Friday night before our dinner reservation- the bar is rimmed with cocktail tables for couples or those grabbing a light bite. We were provided complimentary chips and a trio of salsas, and drinks came out quickly. 

Unfortunately, our server was a total Debbie Downer whose initially peppy attitude did a 180 as soon as she found out we didn't intend to order a full meal. Our waters stayed empty, a bill was slapped on our table, and she repeatedly walked by and said ""thanks for coming"" as if to shoo us out early. 

Considering we each bought $10+ margaritas (the mango-jalapeno is tasty!) and tipped well, her attitude was totally unwarranted."
"This particular Lowe's has become my go-to spot when tackling various small home improvement projects and DIY science demos. Prices are typically competitive, but you can search on their site for specific items and pricing and whether they're in stock before arriving in person. I usually don't need much assistance but staff have been polite and helpful when I can't find something. That said, I like being able to pop in to make key copies with the kiosk rather than waiting for a real person to be available."
"Cool lounge with some quality food, nice spot for something new on Fremont. It was too early in the day to drink, so I popped in for some apps: the Social Club portion of the menu is tapas-style but the portion sizes don't really lend themselves to much in the way of sharing.

OXTAIL EMPANADAS: Delightful outer shell, great flavor on the actual oxtail, but it was a bit on the dry side. Those corner bites where the grease and juices collected were pretty great, though. This was served with a harissa-lime crème fraiche dipping sauce that had more color than flavor and did not add anything to the flavors of the dish itself. 
HANGAR STEAK TARTARE: A passable classic version, but not one of the better ones in town. Good selection of pickled veggies, four crisp slices of grilled bread, and a reasonable portion, but not something I'd necessarily get again.

Even with just the two dishes I tried, the menu shows some promise. I'll have to come back with a few friends to try more, particularly the In the Gnudi, as my dining partner this visit is unable to eat ricotta. Service was friendly and attentive without being pushy, bartender was happy to suggest a few of her favorite dishes."
"Sorry, I prefer Secret Pizza. I like how Pin Up has some more unique pies available without requiring a special order (chicken and spinach, potato-prosciutto-mushroom), and the slices are huge enough to feed two, and make a cheap Strip meal... but the product itself just isn't something I'd come back for. Pizza slice didn't have much flavor in the toppings or crust, maybe I'd have better luck sticking to the classic pepperoni?

 I also disliked that the base of the pie was covered in tons of little crumbs that looked like pepper(?) and made a huge mess on my hands as I ate. Grab napkins if you take your order to go. Counter staff were dressed in keeping with the pin up theme, but the cold, unfriendly attitude was something I could do without. 

TIP:  I think the only way to get to it is from the exterior along the Strip. Get here from Planet Hollywood parking garage by taking the Miracle Mile shops to the right, follow signage to exit for the Strip, and take an immediate right."
"How do I love thee, Frankie? Let me count the ways.
+Just divey enough to be comfortable and not dirty
+Flat $9/drink, menu of ~20 drinks, souvenir cups available
+No umbrellas, but they do have fancy swizzle sticks!
+Kitschy themed décor and hula videos
+Lots of seating at the bar, tables, and benches
+Quick and friendly service, especially the guy with the dreadlocks 

Recommend the finkbomb and the tiki bandit.
Your clothes/hair WILL smell like smoke when you leave.
Come early, it's always packed after dark."
"El Super is gigantic and puts many other ethnic markets in the city to shame in terms of pure size and variety. There's an adequate produce section, large butcher and seafood counter, cheese and ready-made-foods section, bakery (with plenty of pan dulce) and a small dine-in restaurant with ceviches, tacos, burritos, and tortas.

There isn't really any one area here that is done very well, kind of a ""jack of all trades, master of none"" situation- but the pricing is typically very good for most items, particularly meats and seafood. They have weekly sales but I'm not sure where their circular is sent out- I live nearby but do not receive one. They are available at the door and prices appear in yellow to indicate they are temporary.

Store is still new, but is very clean and organized. Some basic knowledge of Spanish is helpful, as not all items have an English translation next to them which can be a little confusing in the deli and produce areas."
"Typical casino bar in the middle of the floor. This one has a super cool 3D ceiling that keeps things a little interesting though. It's the first bar you encounter here, visible from the entry, and frequently gets crowded. There aren't too many seats around the perimeter but they recently added a small lounge area with additional comfortable and stylish seating.

Personally, for about the same price, I'd rather venture further into the casino to Monkey Bar and get some ambiance and live jazz with my alcohol."
"Decent froyo place- awkward location without much signage, right next to a one-way entrance to the small lot. Was put off by several signs posted saying that the location has 24 hour video and taking pictures is not allowed. Uh, why not?

Product was decent. Tried the watermelon, sweet coconut, and praline flavors. Watermelon was creamier than expected and an odd purple color with a flavor closer to berry than watermelon, and it melted quickly. Praline was not particularly flavorful. But the sweet coconut was amazing!

Life hack: get the sweet coconut yogurt plus mango topping and add mochi. Improvised mango sticky rice type flavors and textures!

Service was okay- you aren't really spoken to or addressed by staff at all until you get to the register. I accidentally bumped into a small child and spilled some of my toppings, and the girl working was quick to wipe and sweep up my spill as I apologized profusely. She was friendly with the person ahead of me in line, who was a regular- and even inquired about the friend who usually accompanies her. Found the level of service provided to that patron to be extremely high and genuine."
"Great, friendly service. This garage is owned by a pair of Armenian brothers who moved here from LA. They pretty much do everything but body work, including tires and oil changes. Came in when my car horn stopped working and they took care of it quickly and even had discounted parts on hand. Garage itself is clean, billing is straight forward, and they have an air-conditioned waiting area.

The two things that stood out most about this place is that they didn't round up the labor time and they didn't try to talk me into having additional work done. Note that this spot is closed on Sundays!"
"BF went here years ago, and ever since we moved back, he's mentioned it every time we go out for Thai. We finally made it in this evening for dinner.

Though it's located in a strip mall, the interior décor is quite nice, and the service was on point throughout our visit: attentive, polite, and professional. I was impressed before we even got to the food.

Started with the Fishcakes app- $8. Good portion for the price, cakes weren't too greasy and seemed meatier than others we've had. Herbs and seasonings were mixed into the patties, making them quite flavorful. The cucumber salad was also fresh and flavorful, perfectly complement to the cakes.
Shared the hotpot of tom kha kai soup- $12. Large hot pot serving is good for us, since we love this soup. First impression of the dish was that it was incredibly well balanced. The broth was super flavorful, and there was a good amount of chicken, mushrooms, onions, and cilantro in the soup itself.
Lastly, we split the duck curry entrée- $14. As my BF put it, ""This is possibly the best curry I've ever had."" The duck was perfectly cooked, the curry sauce was amazing, and the pineapple and peppers worked well to bring the dish together. Portion was a good size, and came with a small side of white rice. The only change I might make to this dish would possibly be to add more veggies to it.

All in all, dinner with tip was just over $40 for two on a Friday night. Service was impeccable, food was flavorful and well balanced, and this is definitely a place I'd go back to- Vegas has a lot of good Thai restaurants, but this one has all of the elements to make it stand out as great."
"This spot is hidden around the back of a Chinatown plaza next door to Mayweather's boxing gym, but had a bus full of Asian tourists parked outside? Found that super bizarre.

Ordered takeout based exclusively on the Yelp photos: won ton soup with spicy pork and the garlic pork spare rib dish. Didn't glance at a menu prior, surprised my total was $25. Other reviews state that prices have risen in recent months, and it certainly doesn't make me want to rush back.

WON TON SOUP WITH SPICY PORK: Generous portion, boxed with noodles and dumplings separate for at-home assembly. Spicy broth with plenty of cilantro and pork, tasty dumplings and generous portion of noodles.

GARLIC PORK SPARE RIB: A little underwhelmed by this. I'm a huge garlic lover and the plentiful crunchy-fried version in this dish was sweeter and more understated than I expected, it's used more for texture. Did not finish this dish.

Service was typical for the area. Location is clean and organized. Other reviews mention the tour bus visits being a regular occurrence, which would be a deterrent for me. I might return for a dine-in visit another time to try different dishes."
"After hearing tons of promotion, Tomo has finally opened! Excited to have them so close to my work, planning a revisit and hoping things have been tightened up to edit and upgrade rating. Menu is surprisingly large for a spot attached to a boba tea place, quality hit or miss the first week but shows a lot of promise!

PROS:
+ How is this the first ramen burger I've come across in Vegas?! Plus it's actually pretty tasty, with Angus beef and a crazy-low price tag of $7 including a giant mountain of seasoned fries. 
+ Those fries deserve their own mention. Skinny-cut, seasoned with black and white sesame seeds and salt, they're great. Would request a Sriracha ketchup for dipping, or just get an order of their Tomo fries to share.
+ Service was friendly and attentive. Sat at bar, kitchen staff made some conversation, had a few issues with order that were addressed, and ownership or management seemed to be circulating around and requesting feedback.
+ Super clean with fun comic mural decor and neon lights. Can grab and go from tea counter, sit on patio, or get a table to dine in. Confused about the two-business-one-space setup but it seems to work okay so far.


CONS:
- The word dumpling is in the name but they're not on their game. Chicken soup dumplings were mediocre and deflated, would suggest a different presentation too. A couple of friends have gone in for this order too and had similar complaints or straight up sent back their order. Needs work!
- Also the tea. Got a split cup and one side was great while the other had virtually no flavor. Staff were great about changing it out but the remake wasn't much better. 

Giving a couple weeks to tighten things up, then revisiting for the bao and honey toast that looked so good. Hoping they do well in the space!"
"Glad to have King's Cafe as a lunch option in the area where most of the alternatives involve a drive-thru window. KC's breakfast and lunch menu is well-priced and the portions are more than fair. I appreciate that they use fresh produce and offer vegetarian and vegan items- the vegan wrap in particular is a good choice, with a tasty fig glaze. I was also thrilled to find the Julien sandwich, which riffs on a Russian dish of creamed mushrooms. Location is small but clean, and only open on weekdays."
"I only live two miles away from this place but never would have known about it without Groupon! It was an unpleasant surprise to find they were no longer accepting the deals, but the meal itself was so much better than expected that I didn't count off a star for it as I normally might.

Appetizer: Yucca is amazing, if you haven't had it before this is a good place for a first experience. The garlic sauce makes the dish. 
Entrees: Palmilla steak was thin cut with grilled onions and served with a rice-bean mixture that was understated and simple but so tasty. Cuban sando was huge and perfectly toasty with melty cheese and plenty of meat inside, served with basic fries.
Dessert: Flan was creamy and that espresso alone would make me come back- tiny, strong, sweet, and flavorful. 

The space is odd, with dark wood floors and high-end-looking tables with topped with glass and cloths, but dollar bills and writing covering the walls like a low-end club, and a small bar to the side of the entrance. And outdoor seating. A lot going on, but great things happening in the kitchen! Working it into my regular rotation for takeout."
"Cute little breakfast/lunch café across the street from the courthouse- whether the business that brings you to this area stresses you out of having an appetite, or you cope by stress-eating, this place is worth hitting up.

Menu includes coffees, sandwiches, soups, salads, desserts, and a few other things. BF and I split a buffalo chicken Panini and a pasta e fagioli soup- the soup I did not care for at all, but BF said it wasn't that bad once he added salt and pepper. 
That Panini though was awesome: huge portion size, plentiful chicken and bleu cheese, not too spicy, but filling and really hit the spot.

Pricing is average for downtown, which is a bit higher than elsewhere. Service was polite. Location wasn't particularly busy at 11AM on a weekday. Might be a good place to get some work done with a laptop."
"Just okay for pizza and salads- cheese slice is $2.50, crust is perfectly thin and crispy but sauce was on the bland side. The Greek salad has scant non-lettuce ingredients and no protein for $10 but an incredible dressing- it's called a house italian, but it's a creamy version that tastes like a really good Caesar. 

Another table got a $16 steamed mussels special that looked to be a small portion, but the great garlic fragrance was enough to make me rethink my selections. Overall I feel like it's a bit overpriced for what you get.

The space is small, walk-up style but dining in is nicer than you'd think- there's also a large TV tuned to sports above the counter and individual flat screen TVs at some of the booths."
"I'm not a sweets person, and I'm especially NOT a sweets in the morning person- donuts and I aren't really friends. That being said, I recently took a trip to Portland and tried Voodoo Donuts, and was pleasantly surprised. After perusing the offerings here, i figured I'd likely enjoy them, too.

I initially tried the choco loco and the blueberry, when someone picked up a few boxes for the office. I was fairly surprised by the quality of appearance of these donuts- but the choco loco was way too sweet, even only eating half left me a little sick. The blueberry also had a ton of sugar, but there was decent flavor to the frosting and the color was gorgeous.

I love the combo of sweet and savory, so I hoped to really fall in love with the Maple Bacon or the Nutty Pig, but found them both just okay. Fat Elvis, Green Tea, and Smores flavors also caught my eye, will be trying those on future visits."
"I love this place- the packaging is high-quality,  the space is pretty and bee-themed (love the honeycomb chalkboard signage!), and the juices are downright delicious! I appreciate the fact that they use high-quality ingredients and source from nearby California, and I especially love that their juices are bottled to take and enjoy over the next few days. Add in that they're raw, organic, non-HPP, and everything else Gwyneth Paltrow would approve of, and you've got a stellar product. 

I recently moved here from the Bay area and was unpleasantly surprised that so many places here in LV claim that they have juice, only to give me an overpriced rinky-dink plastic cup with a non-harmonious medley of fruits and veggies. I am sorely missing vendors like Juicer Heroes, Project Juice, and the ever-convenient Pressed.

I am so happy to find a company putting forth the quality of product that I expect when I am juicing. I will admit to being a little put off by pricing- which is $10+/bottle, higher even than trendy Cali prices, by a good 20%. They have a niche product though, and their portions are slightly larger. I will definitely be taking advantage of their bottle-return discounts though. I would like to be able to pull up nutritional info on each particular juice online, as it is not posted on the bottle itself: their website also is well-designed and informative, just as they are in-store. 

Overall: service is friendly, space is attractively decorated, and the product itself is high-quality. I hope to see more local companies picking up the slack and providing more options that are on par with the standard set here at Juice Standard! I hope they add some sort of loyalty program for frequent juicers as they settle in- I love a liquid lunch but I can't swing $300/month for it.

Favorite juices so far are Bee Effective (greens), Bee On Point, and Bee Loved."
"My expectations for this place were a lot higher (from reading the reviews and looking at photos) before I drove up and saw a drive-thru lane. This place isn't on par with McDonalds or anything, but it's not about to replace a trip to Lolas either.

The red hot chicken is labelled as their hottest dish, and it's an enjoyable buffalo-sauce based building heat that makes me think of wings without the mess. The crawfish etoufee, which I expected to be one of their stronger dishes, was pretty dismal, with minimal heat and a rather bland roux, and large finger-sized pieces of celery. Both dishes were large for the price (under $10/pp), and all dishes seem to be served over rice- a disproportionate amount of it.

Service was okay- it's a walk-up style spot. Dining room is clean with Vegas and New Orleans-themed art on the walls. Tables have a variety of hot sauces available, along with a store-brand bottled version. 

For those outraged about the lack of dishes like alligator, crawfish, etc on the menu, their website offers an explanation that references their commitment to quality and inability to guarantee fresh-sourced specialty products. I'd rather they be straightforward about what they can execute well rather than have dishes they know won't be their best effort."
"Another boba place in Chinatown- it's in my favorite plaza with a lot of other high-quality restaurants so I had high hopes but the boba was just not very good- not very chewy, texture was not particularly soft, not entirely sure they were made correctly or made fresh.

Used their BOGO grand opening promotion for two milk teas (one black, one green tea) and despite being the only order, took nearly 10 minutes only to get disappointing boba. Drinks were unremarkable.

Nice hardwood accents in dining area, but you'll need more than 8 seats- not sure why bar-style table along front window doesn't have any chairs. Liked that I was able to watch a kung-fu movie as I waited for my order- streaming from Hulu.

EDIT: have visited several more times. ""Mediocre"" was an overstatement, the teas here are tasty. Raising my review a star from two to three. The boba has yet to be just right though, has been mushy and has been hard. Will continue popping in when I find myself nearby, but it's not a top pick for me."
"Great. Little theater within the already-great Red Rock casino. Love how each auditorium is small, making it feel cozy rather than cavernous. There is a surprising number of auditoriums packed into the small space, and this theater doesn't really seem to get too crowded- though you may encounter a bunch of teenagers.

All in all, this theater is nothing different from every other Regal theater, aside from their killer bathrooms, which are super stylish. Unfortunately they were also dirty throughout our last visit, which is unfortunate, as there were more than enough employees standing around as concessions to do a bathroom check. 

This will still likely be towards the top of my list of preferred theaters though, due to the intimate auditoriums and good location."
"I think this spot would do better in another location, but they'd still need to up their attention to detail. Went in for a spicy squid bento box and it was appropriately spicy with plenty of sauce for the rice, but the rest of the order had issues. Portion was large and price was under $10 but its unlikely I'd return. 

Miso soup was only half full and super salty, side salad unexpectedly came with thousand island dressing, tempura veggies were burned on the edges and didn't have dipping sauce, and the squid dressing spilled and ruined the California rolls. I was the only customer at the time and there were two employees working."
"Decent Elvis impersonator show at Planet Hollywood- went to the 6PM show this evening with general admission tickets and was seated right up in the front row, despite being told it was first come, first serve. I will say that I picked up my tickets right after 5PM, if that might have made a difference.

Theater for this show is upstairs and small, but intimate. Sound was good and the band was made up of older gentlemen. Was happy to see that this Elvis was dressed properly as Vegas Elvis and not Sloppy Overweight Addict, which is a bit more common.

Show length clocked in at just about an hour, played all the major hits including Burning Love, Hound Dog, All Shook Up (of course), and closed with Blue Hawaii- complete with serenading old ladies who came up to the stage, giving them a scarf and a kiss.  It was actually pretty cute."
"Good spot to wear out your kids after the adjacent Natural History Museum. There's a covered area with a playground structure, and there are public bathrooms. Other than that, it's a very small park wedged between the museum and Cashman stadium- not much going for it. You could picnic here, but that's about all there's room for.

 I'm glad to see that downtown has some green spaces, but I'd definitely exercise extreme caution when using the public bathrooms here. As a bonus, they have covered parking available in the museum lot."
"In a word, magical! My first Cirque show, courtesy of Yelp, was Zarkana- and it completely lived up to the hype. Amazing aerial acts, gravity-defying stunts and beautiful costumes and set. There's not much of a story line, but you will be mesmerized by what the performers can do with their bodies.

Stars of the show are the twins, who seem to have their pics on all of the publicity materials for this show. Honorary mention to the sand artist, who was very talented but not my favorite act. That award goes to the insane juggler- and the wheel act. A tie. So sue me. Holographic backdrop added some additional craziness to the on-stage acts, very cool to see.

Heads up, I had floor seats and loved them- did not feel that I was straining to see everything or that I missed anything. The sangria in the lobby is delish, two is more than enough to get you through the show."
"Didn't realize Wolfgang Puck had a place at the MGM until I walked right in front of it and decided we had to have a late lunch here: opted to share appetizers, a pizza, and a dessert. Pricing wasn't bad at all, casual style and cuisine.

CRAB CAKE APPETIZER: Four small cakes, didn't hold up too well, plated with a tasty creole mustard remoulade. 

CHILI-GLAZED CHICKEN WINGS: Awkward pile of a portion, stacked like firewood on the plate. The wing I got looked like it came out of a lab and seemed to be a rib instead of a wing? Flavor of the glaze was light and wasn't spicy. 

PIZZA: Prosciutto, Kalamata Olives, Tomatoes, Basil Pesto, Goat Cheese
Crust was amazing, prosciutto was high quality, cheese and pesto were delicious. Felt like the kalamata olives didn't work with the other ingredients, made the overall flavor profile too salty for my liking. 

BEIGNETS: Large order of seven pieces, stuffed with a light lemon filling and served with a toffee-like dipping sauce. Flavors didn't work well together but pastry was light and well-constructed.

Service and setting were alright- tables are quite small and even with just three of us, drinks, and a limited number of orders, things were crammed onto the table with barely enough room.  Plates weren't cleared when they were empty but instead had to be picked up when the next dishes were brought out, either poor timing or a lack of attention."
"I've only ever watched one episode of the Walking Dead, but I imagine the whole series is basically like this store: virtually empty, save for a few dead-eyed folks (employees) walking around aimlessly, and never once greeting me, let alone asking if I need help finding anything. 

Clearly no one in charge here has ever heard of the concept of ""competitive pricing."" Everything is easily a buck more than it should be, if not double the price. If you're lucky though, you might find those bright orange ""$1 Manager Markdown!"" stickers- except they're only on the truly ridiculous items, like $8 acai juice and borderline-rotten meat.

This place wasn't exactly a hotspot of business when it was Von's, but at least the employees were reliably friendly and the pricing was on par with other places in town. Haggen has nothing going for it whatsoever. I'll take the under on this place making the 6-month mark."
"Decent theater- way in the back of the casino, follow the signs to find it.
Bathrooms are right by the box office, and they're modern and clean.

Auditoriums are small, but I prefer it that way. Sound and video were perfect throughout our movie: Gravity 3D. Auditorium, halls, and bathrooms were super clean.

Didn't see much staff aside from box office staff and the guy who took our tickets. This location was close to dead at 7PM on a Friday night, which is a huge plus- I may work with teenagers, but I have zero interest in hanging out with them in a social context when I'm off the clock. This is the perfect theater to avoid them.

As for other reviews who reference a ton of seniors- senior day, per a sign at the box office, is now moved to Wednesday, as of 1/1/2014. I couldn't care less if the people in the auditorium with me are 8 or 80, as long as they're respectful, but you may want to take that into account- I assume they're likely a bit busier those days."
"I realize this is located within a food court, but that doesn't mean the employees get a pass on being able to function properly and/or successfully do their jobs.

I was here this week and after making my froyo bowl, had a host of difficulties purchasing my order. The girl tried swiping my card three or four times without giving me any explanation as a grumbling line began to form. Eventually I was told that the card kept taking a while to ""process"" but that it wasn't their machine because they'd done credit sales already that day- she kept pointing at a handful of three or four receipt strips by the cash register. I assured her the card had just worked 5 minutes ago when purchasing movie tickets, but she just kept swiping and staring at the screen blankly. Finally I pulled out cash and went on my way, but did not receive any sort of apology for the inconvenience. Usually I don't even carry cash, so I'm not sure how this employee would have handled that situation. 

Before I could even enjoy my treat, I was distressed by the card situation so I sat down and immediately called my bank only to find out that they didn't have any record whatsoever of any attempted transactions. By the time I was assured that I didn't have some sort of financial issue going on, my froyo was a melty puddle. It wasn't too bad, but would have been better cold and with quality customer service.

In regard to the food, I will say that the tart flavor was surprisingly good and didn't have a funky aftertaste like others have, but the crème brulee flavor was best. I appreciated that they had a shaker of crushed graham crackers, which was a little unusual. In addition to self-serve froyo, this place also has speciality smoothies and some crepes, which looked tasty but overpriced."
"Truck stop BBQ? Yes ma'am. My love of brisket makes me go many places, and this one did not disappoint. Service was just as sweet as if we were back in the south, which was a nice touch.

The three meat plate ($16) is enough for two to share, and comes with a side and cornbread. Had to try the brisket, obviously, and it wasn't a bad pick. Cut a little thinner than I like, but nice and tender with a bit of fat for flavor, just the way it's supposed to be. Lean brisket should be a sin. My guy liked the hot links and our server recommended the rib tips over the ribs. The mac and cheese is made with bowtie pasta, and the sauce has a bit of a kick to it. Cornbread comes in huge pieces, and isn't too sweet.

They have daily specials- the wings were sold out when we came but the pork chili was good. I would come back to try their sandwiches. Save room for dessert- they offer apple, berry, and peach cobbler, available a la mode for $1 more. The peach was tasty but could have used more fruit, was mostly pastry and sauce.

Service was attentive and friendly. Location is a bit hard to find, so I took some photos. Interior is clean and modern, as if it might have been recently renovated. Prices are fair for the portion. Looking forward to coming back to try more."
"I'm not a fan of the Walmart chain and typically choose not to support them- but sometimes, visits are necessary. Stopped in for some emergency cat food after a late night Yelp event nearby, and was pleasantly surprised by the friendly staff, clean and organized layout, fresh produce, and good prices.

Lately I've noticed an increase in cat food prices, and for the small size bag I can expect to spend $6 for nearly every brand unless I have a coupon or a sale price. Luckily, the $4 prices I usually expect were still in effect here, so I scooped up two bags.

Swung by the meat department and noticed several orange ""manager special"" stickers on discounted turkey items (spicy sausage and Jennie O ground), which was reminiscent of Albertsons and Sprouts' meat department sales.

Management was an active presence in the store, moving throughout and discussing planned product placement changes with staff, who were good about asking if I needed help locating anything."
"Great little thrift store! Clean and organized with friendly staff. Someone has clearly put in time and effort arranging stock items to make them more appealing: creating gift baskets, bundling wine books with glasses and decorative stoppers, setting up tasteful window displays, etc.

Stopped in looking for furniture and decor items, got a vase and a basket to place shoes in by the front door, both for under $10- which was great pricing but unfortunately, card purchases under $10 are charged a. $1 transaction fee. Didn't mind because it is run through a charity organization, but it is worth noting.

Cashier was friendly and let me know that each day of the week they offer various 25% discounts- one day is military, another is teachers and students, etc. Unfortunately the discount schedule changes weekly, so you can't just stop in on your day of the week. Not sure what the logic behind that is."
"Gorgeous casino, décor scheme seems to be taken from the Bellagio gardens- good mix of stores, restaurants, and gaming. Really appreciate how spacious this casino is, lots of space to walk around without cramming slot machines into every available nook.

Service is typically very top notch, and restaurants on site are known for being able to accommodate any dietary restriction and have several vegan, vegetarian, and vegetable-laden options at each.

Parking garage is smaller than most but easily accessible, casino itself is on the smaller side but more intimate and upscale rather than crowded and gaudy."
"This spot has made it into my regular rotation for synthetic blend oil changes- snag a coupon in the local mailers and your total will be under $50 even with the disposal fee and a specialty filter.

Staff are friendly, service is fairly quick- call ahead or drop off your car if you have a busy schedule though. I like how they give me a heads up each visit about upcoming services to consider, and they don't use high-pressure tactics to try to get me to agree to additional services when I come in for routine maintenance."
"Open til 6AM, family-style entrees for individual-entrée prices, and complimentary house soup to start with and dessert soup to finish with. Service is on top of it, attentive and quick.

Came in around midnight, ordered the seafood pan fried noodle and spring roll app.
Spring rolls were unremarkable- exterior freshly fried, interior mushy as if they'd been frozen, no bueno. The pan fried noodle was an enormous portion with ample seafood (two different kinds of squid, fish, scallops, and possibly clams?) and veggies (Chinese broccoli and carrots), and a portion of noodles so large we couldn't finish it together.
Total was $17, not bad at all.

Complimentary house soup and dessert soup were both appreciated, but taste-wise they weren't my thing. Will come back to try something else: menu is huge and has an insane number of dishes (200+)."
"After living in CA, where you can throw a rock and hit a decent juicery, it's been difficult to find a place to frequent in Vegas. Each of the places I've tried in Vegas has had at least one major drawback (pricing, selection, service, etc)- until now. Pressed for Juice has it all and then some!

SERVICE: Go in and you'll be offered a juice tasting! Cute tiny cup, little pours of each flavor, the full attention of an employee, actual service! I was attended to by two different ladies, both of whom were genuinely friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable. I've literally never had such great service at a juice place!

PRODUCT: With 20+ drinks to choose from, all with clever names (Gin & Juice, Soup Dog, Threesome, Sweetie Pie, etc), an ingredient list, and the purported benefits of the combined fruits and vegetables, there's something for everyone. Three or four different green juices with a range of sweetness, various spicy juices with cayenne and jalapeno, several fruity concoctions, and three different nut milks.

PRICING: Bottled, cold press, non-HPP juice will run you an average of $8-13/bottle in most major cities, Vegas is no exception. Prices here are in the average range but they have several ways to get discounts: Happy Hour is the last 2 hours of every day, and gets you 10% off your order; they run various promotions on FB and Instagram; and you can use a stamp card for a free drink with every 10 bottles purchased! 

Pressed fulfills all of my requirements in a juice place- other than being far away from my house. Can't fault them for that one, though!"
"Just got a library  card here this morning- experience was quick and painless, employee was efficient if not particularly friendly. 

Looks large from the outside. It didn't necessarily appear as large inside, teen area is pretty tiny. A good chunk of the space is the kids  area, to the left at the entrance.

Found DVDs, audiobooks, and CDs galore! Usual limit is 7 items  at a time, I need to go back with proof of new reside cut o increase my limit- stick at 2 until that goes through, which is understandable.

""New"" book and DVD section was a little underwhelming, but DVD selection overall was good. Will be returning for books when my limit increases!"
"Hawaiian, Japanese, and Filipino, all on one menu- you can DIY your own fried rice or noodle dish, or grab an entree with kalbi, mochiko chicken, or abobo. We came in super hungry and tried a little bit of everything.

The mochiko wings were our favorite item, but they didn't really resemble mochiko chicken I've had elsewhere. Good flavor though, til we got to the last couple pieces that were undercooked and pink inside. 
I tried the Oh My Flaming Noodle- it is so spicy it should come with a warning! Definitely pair this with the mac salad or seaweed to help cool down between bites. My guy made his own rice dish and really enjoyed it. He also had one of their smoothies with boba, which was freshly made with fruit and juice. I do wish they'd marinate their boba though.
The manager came out to check on us and delivered a dessert for us to try, on the house- I didn't catch the name, but it's a Filipino rice pudding with ice cream? Interesting, not something I've had before.

Service was really friendly and the food came out quick. I'd keep this in mind for a takeout spot, particularly if you have picky eaters or vegetarians, as the DIY dishes can easily accommodate specifications. 

TIP: Snag the Yelp deal ($12 for $20) before you go, and check in for 3 free mini egg rolls!"
"White pizza, $3.50 by the slice and incredible: mozzarella, garlic cream, dollops of ricotta, house-smoked tomatoes, and a drizzle of pesto. Definitely going to add artichokes or anchovies next time!

Space is small with pizzas on display ready to toss in the oven. Shakers of oregano, parm, and red pepper flakes available on your way out, covered outdoor patio seating available. 

Service was super friendly. Despite being a bustling area, it was a quick stop to grab a slice at a good price. Bonus points for the ""real talk"" at the bottom of the menu: NO RANCH DRESSING!"
"There's a taqueria counter inside for your taco and nachos fix, but steer clear of their produce- it looks like it's seen better days. There is a massive selection of herbs and spices, and a decent seafood/butcher counter, with pre-marinaded ceviches, asadas, and fajita meats. Huge seasoning selection, as well as fresh mexican cheeses.

Pricing is mostly on the low to reasonable end, with the taqueria counter being the best bargain: the lengua and chicken didn't impress, but the carnitas and asada are good quality. Menudo is available on weekends, breakfast burritos for $3, and the nachos are enough to feed a family for only $5. Counts against them that their ""fresh"" guac is brown, though."
"You have to know what to order here: the grilled fish and mac and cheese.
You have to know what to expect here: slow but earnest service in a no-frills location, inconsistent price to quality ratio.

The grilled fish is great- it's cooked with a vegetable mix and is well seasoned. A four-piece combo includes two sides for a mad-cheap $8 not including drink. Mac was a great side, creamy and cheesy even if it was served out of an aluminum pan then microwaved, which made me question how fresh it was. 

The grilled shrimp salad though? Skip it.
$9 portion is half of a takeout box, and other than the lettuce and tomatoes, the veggies on the salad are grilled, which I found bizarre. Shrimp was plentiful (7 pieces or so?) but sadly overcooked and rubbery. Italian dressing was mostly oil. If this is their usual execution, they should remove this dish from the menu altogether.

Service is slow- waited over 20 minutes for a takeout order. Kitchen seems a bit unorganized and inefficient. Orders are placed at a walk-up counter, dine-in meals are bought out in Styrofoam boxes.  But the guys working here are making everything to order, and are friendly to boot.

Subtracted an additional star due to an issue at the register: for some reason their computer was unable to read my card and needed to be entered manually. Worker had me read my card number out loud with expiration date, a huge violation of privacy and a security risk, in order to do so. Did not feel comfortable at all with this."
"Solid pizza and wing takeout.
We get ads for this place at our property fairly often but with so many pizza deliveries in the area it took a while to give this one a try- large pizza with pepperoni, olive, and artichoke was fairly priced and enormous. Two pieces is definitely the max for me, one is enough for lunch.

Wings stand out more than the pizza, with a few different flavors: honey bbq and garlic parm so far are faves. Wings aren't too meaty or too scrawny but good value for the price and packed with flavor.

Not a place I'll put on speed dial or anything, but a place I'll consider when a pizza craving hits. Way too many options on this side of town for pizza to have too much loyalty to any one place."
"As others have said, there really isn't a bad seat in the house here. Even in the nosebleeds of section 211, I could clearly see what was going on down below in the ring for WWE Monday Night Raw.

Lots and lots of food and drink options here, and bathrooms were clean and monitored when I visited. Pricing is on par with every other stadium you've been to. Will-call window was surprisingly organized with several small lines rather than one enormous one, which I felt was unusual.

Security seems pretty lax. I was looked at and waved through by the guys checking bags and wanding people, and no one was in our section to help folks find their seats- so people were openly sitting wherever and just moving when ticketholders showed up."
"Kitson and Urban Outfitters are like those cool twins you went to high school with who had a shared and unique killer sense of humor and fashion, except after graduation one went to NYC (UO) and one went to SoCal (Kitson) and they still somehow maintained the same basic style just with slightly different attitudes.

Kitson, like UO, has a similar selection of gifts, accessories, and clothing for men and women, along with a few things for children mixed in. This location in particular has an elevator and second floor, where the mens and kids sections reside.

Came here for Grumpy Cat's book release and ended up spending more than expected on gifts for friends- their selection of stat glasses and pillows is among their cooler and more appreciated gift options, but they do have several candles and a limited but carefully curated collection of earrings.

Their clothing isn't to my liking, but before long I'll probably grab a pair of Ryan Gosling photo-collage leggings... you know, as a joke. 
Or to wear alone in my house as I obsessively watch his entire body...of work."
"This business is in a small nook as part of The Market LV at Tivoli Village- a community of storefronts in a shared space. The area is beyond tiny, and the poor use of space features two huge ice cream freezers and a large pastry case. There's a lot of selection, but it's an odd mix of generic-looking ice creams (but with low cal options?), several cake slices (~$4/ea), a variety of baked goods (muffins, bagels, croissants), bagged chips and bottled soda/coffee options. It's kind of like a snack bar but with cake slices.

Given the name, I had higher expectations for the baked goods-  The cheesecake sampler was well priced but poor quality, with barely any crust and cake with an odd consistency and an overly cheesy flavor reminiscent of cheap cream cheese. The whole wheat mini croissants were not the light, slightly nutty pillows I was anticipating and instead tasted like a dense, generic dinner roll that was deceptively shaped like a croissant on the outside but hard and dry inside. The chocolate mousse was surprisingly delicious, with a rich thickness and a topping of chocolate shavings.

Fancy, fine, and European, this spot is not. Service is polite but very quiet, space is very bare-bones with too much poor-quality product and prepackaged junk. I hope they pare down the selection and focus on what they do well, or improve upon what they currently serve.

TIP: They have a Yelp discount deal, a check in offer (free can of soda), and a Groupon up. If you visit this spot, choose one to take advantage of."
"Dropping the tapas in favor of a ramen concept, Woosuk and his great service are adjusting their offerings to appeal to the odd mix of patrons in the area. Came in to a warm welcome when cold winter weather brought me in for a bowl. Menu offers a trio of specialty bowls and the option to DIY, along with some apps, bento boxes, desserts and beer/wine.

CHASHU RAMEN: a wonderful tonkotsu broth with meltingly soft chashu slices and thin noodles! Really enjoyed the broth, had some peppery spices mixed in for a more forward flavor. 
CURRY RAMEN: a dish that is new to me, the curry broth was similar to a gravy version of the Japanese curry I've had elsewhere. Comforting flavor without too much spice, this comes with thick, chewy noodles, bean sprouts, and spinach. I added nori and egg, but they were unnecessary additions that would have paired better with the previous bowl. 

Enjoying the first bowl far more than the latter, the convenient location and great service will see me coming back to make my own bowl with the best aspects of what we tried: tonkotsu broth, thick noodle, perfect egg, and strips of nori. Our chicken karagge app was solid and helped to balance out the meatless curry dish.

If you're the adventurous sort, note that they also offer the only Pako-men in town: ramen with a crispy pork cutlet!"
"Tire troubles are such a pain in the sidewall. I got in my car to a low tire alert, made my way to another unnamed location up north, and found out I had a nail. Their wait time was an estimated 2 hours! I called up this location and was given an hour estimate, and headed over with maxed out pressure.

I was seen quickly, my tires inspected in the lot, and found out the problems were more extensive than originally thought: two of my tires were splitting and showing extreme wear requiring replacement despite monthly visits to the other location. New tires were selected, sales reviewed, and the guys got to work. The whole process ended up taking a little over an hour, but thankfully the waiting room has a good magazine selection. The manager himself, Jordan, helped me, and he was great. This is the quality of experience I always expect at DT stores!

TIP: Always get the warranty and certificate. Always!"
"I love sushi as much as the next person, and followed a favorite sushi chef here from another restaurant- my general conclusion is that I would not come back here if it weren't for him. There's nothing that stands out about this place (positive or negative) enough to warrant a return- note that the AYCE dinner is $27, a bit higher than the average here in town but only by a couple of bucks.

I did like the Crazy Jalapenos dish on the menu, which is a sushi take on stuffed and fried peppers with a smidge of cream cheese and crab inside- haven't seen that elsewhere. Appetizers seemed to be few, only desserts I saw were mochi- they did have the cappuccino flavor I really like, though.

Menu has about thirty rolls, many of which you've seen elsewhere- I was surprised to see the Grand Canyon roll available here. I was able to get a variety of fresh nigiri that the chef selected for me, but the overall fish quality seemed different- not as flavorful, light but almost on the bland side. Some pieces had an odd texture as if the wrong type of knife were used, or someone doesn't know what they're doing.

Interior is nice, sat at sushi bar, hostess and chefs are polite and friendly- place gets really busy on weekends. They have lunch specials through 3PM advertised outside. I drove past this place many times before noticing it- it's directly to the right of the Von's."
"Freaking delicious desserts. This may be shaved ice, but if you're expecting raspas, prepare to have your mind blown. Found this place using the Yelp app last night after dinner, and headed over- ordered 3 different Cool Combos to share among our trio, and they were all amazing.

The Ex-straw-binary was the perfect explosion of strawberry- Phillip's ode to this flavor is spot-on. Every ingredient works together perfectly without being disgustingly sweet, which is what I was afraid of.
The black sesame sensation was my pick, and if I may say so, it was the best. The mochi totally makes this treat stand out, and it's easily something I can picture having as a treat in Japan on NYE.
Final flavor we tried was the extreme chocolate- which is more of a chocolate-covered strawberry flavor, since it includes the fresh fruit. Much better than expected, actually.

All the desserts were shared and devoured in record time, with extras left over and packed into the freezer for later. Portions are huge and well priced: $3.50 for a small that is easily 1.5 pints of a regular dessert portion. 

Service was fairly good too- only two employees but both were super sweet, working together to get orders out and make sure customers were satisfied. Decor is simple but cute, love the anime seal mascot painted on the wall and on the punch cards- speaking of punch cards, extra star for customer service due to cashier giving an extra stamp to celebrate our first visit.

Between Monta, Zen, and Big Wong, this plaza is desperately in need of a dessert place, and this is a perfect pick. I'd go out of my way to return here, and probably will."
"If you're going to charge over $12 for a bowl of chashu ramen and then charge me $1.50 to add an egg, we're looking at $14/bowl- which is more than I ever paid in the Bay area. You best have some gold up in this phenomenal ramen with prices like that.

Unfortunately the ramen here is unremarkable. It's not horrible, but it's overpriced and disappointingly mediocre. Got the ""full bodied"" mame miso cha-shu, since miso seems to be their specialty. Came with seaweed, bamboo shoots, green onion, corn, and every other condiment I don't care about but not the egg which IMO should be included in every bowl.
The broth was okay, but weak compared to other places around town. As others have said, the flavor seems a bit lighter, which may be a pro. Egg was done perfectly, thank goodness. Chashu was flavorful, appreciated the bit of char on it, but was tough and chewy instead of melt-in-your-mouth tender.

Added on a side of ""cheese"" gyoza, imagining that it was a gyoza version of Rangoon- it's just gyoza topped with shredded cheese, and it's actually not bad. Six pieces for $4.50, doable. 

Service was very attentive, as we were the only table there for dinner. With prices like this, they will immediately turn off most people walking through the door. Sad to say I didn't feel there was anything special here. Except the complimentary lychee sorbet dessert, I'd buy that by the pint."
"Vegan Mexican food, across the street from Desert Breeze park! Love how everything tastes homemade but still manages to be fresh rather than fattening. Dining area is small, most of their orders seem to be takeout, always make sure you grab some of their green salsa- it's really mild but very flavorful, I could eat the whole bottle.

MOLLETES: Essentially an open-faced breakfast sandwich, kind of an alternative to a torta, with beans and cheese, add protein if you like, served with pico de gallo. I like to choose chorizo and add avocado. Portion is huge.
BURRITO: Yes, it's $9, but they automatically include the sour cream and avocado that other places charge extra for. This isn't my favorite item though, because the tortilla itself is fairly thin and doesn't hold up well, but it's also enormous.
SALAD/TOSTADA BOWL: Fresh produce layered with rice and beans plus your choice of meat, the asada being my favorite. Add on a side of guac for $3 and it's better than Chipotle. 
FRIED POTATO TACO: Ordered this based on several rave reviews but was a little underwhelmed. The taco is crisp and fresh, and served with a small side salad, but the filling itself was bland to me.

Their breakfast and lunch menus are available all day, and the Vegan items are made on a separate grill/fryer with soy-based sour cream and cheese. Note that their online menu is more more extensive than what is posted on location, and they're really flexible and easy going about customizing orders."
"This city has a million ethnic specialty grocers: this one stands apart from the pack a little. In addition to a smorgasbord of Indian spices, rices, and teas, they have jewelry, accessories, and some kitchenware as well.

Food sections also include  Mediterranean aisle and a British/English foods row. Unfortunately, the produce is not particularly fresh but they have tons of sweets from nearly every culture here.

The food counter on the right hand side of the store sells vegetarian indian foods: mostly paneers, dosas, and chaats. The samosas are tasty and the chutneys and other sauces are no joke. Pricing is good, just wish they offered a bit more and weren't necessarily limited to a vegetarian menu.

Insider note; they have 6 locations of Rani's, this is the only one in LV and there's another in Houston with the rest in California."
"I guess people go ape when they see the name Houdini after seeing a magic show in Vegas. I found this shop to be more like a typical Spencers mall shop than a magic shop, personally. There are cheap gag gifts (fake poop and bugs, trick gum) and funny slogans printed on shirts and bumper stickers, but with some added magic tricks thrown in. The better they looked, the higher the price tag was, predictably. Unfortunately, as at most spots on the Strip, you can find the same stuff or better elsewhere for less. Other reviews reference this spot standing out for great service, but for all my browsing, no one ever addressed me."
"I have been trying to snag Jabbawockeez tickets since I moved here in January- and the stars aligned, and I finally got the opportunity to go last night. BF has zero interest in this kind of thing, so I flew solo.

Hadn't been to the Luxor before, was easy to find parking and then the theater. Lines for box office and entrance went fast, was seated in the middle orchestra, about ten rows back.

Show itself was very entertaining- several different musical styles and dance styles were showcased, everything perfectly synchronized. I have no idea how much they must practice to get everything so perfectly spot-on; and this coming from a former dancer. There are at least 14 people in the show, so it's a surprisingly large cast. I found that I enjoyed the routines that had the larger groups, just because there were always so many different things going on at once.

The underlying plot for this show is very vague, you don't really need to be following along in order to enjoy it. The show length clocks in just under 90 minutes and it's a good length before things start to get boring. Most parts of the show are fairly energizing, and there's a good amount of audience participation- which I personally could do without, actually, but apparently other people enjoy that sort of thing.

I enjoyed the parts of the show that involved the Harlem Shake and Party Rock Anthem- though they are dated at this point.  I could do without the Bohemian Rhapsody part, but I guess the song is popular all these decades later for a reason... allegedly. Regardless, this group does a great job of coordinating their dance moves to the music and to one another, in a way that manages to create a distinct personality for each member of the extensive cast despite virtually no dialogue and the fact that they are identically clothed and masked- quite a feat.

Favorite part is, of course, the end, when they take off their masks for a mere moment- gotta say, part of me is really bummed that they don't have a girl on the team. Not that I thought any of them were female during the show, but that would be a cool surprise."
"I came in with a group of friends one evening with no climbing experience whatsoever to try something new- and the staff and regulars at Origin made this a great first experience! 

Location is very clean and organized, and there is a large variety of bouldering and belay routes available, and everything is clearly marked. The auto belay area was my favorite, and regulars said that routes are frequently changed up to keep things interesting. After climbing for a while, it was cool to just sit back and watch the experienced climbers and their techniques.

Lockers, weight rooms and classes (including yoga!) are available for members. There are daily pass options for those who don't come regularly enough to make it worthwhile- first visit is discounted with Yelp check in."
"Treated myself to a matinee movie after work yesterday- Maleficent!
Have been to this shopping plaza quite a bit lately but haven't had a chance to squeeze a movie into my schedule til now.

I'm fond of the Regal chain and in fact, worked for them in high school.
I love the format of this theater as it is the same at the one I worked at: concessions in the middle, theaters to either side, gigantic bathrooms between. The amount of stalls they have is insane and greatly appreciated considering the number of auditoriums there are.

Not too thrilled that even matinee prices are $8/ticket, but what can you do?
More bummed to see that there are no senior discounts for the couple ahead of me in line.

Staffing wasn't quite on point- for a noon movie, the manager was on register selling tickets and there was only one concessions register open despite three or four kids behind the counter. And the line went all the way past the ticket stand almost to the door. No bueno.

Auditorium seating was nice, picture and audio didn't have any issues during my visit, bathrooms were clean. Not sure I'd make this a regular stop for my summer matinees, but for sure for date nights."
"Run-down market, interior looks more like a convenience store slash bodega than a grocery, but they have all manner of cooking supplies here, including fresh produce, a great meat counter, fresh juices, more Mexican candies than you can shake a stick at, and a surprisingly extensive cosmetics section.

Get the carne asada and grill at home, the chicken and beef fajitas plus some extra peppers and onions, chicken adobo legs are enormous (1/3 pound each, easily), fish ceviche is like $2/lb- can't beat that!

Might want to take cash to shop here- my card wouldn't swipe at the register, my guy had to pay. Heads up, the Pollo Mobile truck is usually in the parking lot, grab groceries for later but grab dinner hot and ready from them.

Side note: Yelp check in offers a dollar off rotisserie chicken, but I didn't even see any?"
"BF surprised me with reservations here for date night! Definitely a place that would be a hit with guys, it's a steak and potatoes place for sure. The decor was upscale going for romantic but the kitschy cow art and eclectic selection of music (from the 70s?) kind of threw off the ambiance.  

CLASSIC CAESAR: BF's pick, huge portion with several anchovies. I liked how the croutons were served on the side, as I don't care for them, but the full-leaf romaine used made it difficult to serve this dish without making a mess.
HAND-CUT WAGYU TARTARE: I am a tartare fanatic and this version, mixed tableside, did not disappoint. Flavorful American beef accented with red onion, quail egg, and parsley, simple but very good. Plenty of crostini provided, too.
PORTERHOUSE FOR TWO: $98/32oz, huge portion and cooked to perfect medium rare. This was served with a bearnaise sauce I didn't care for, and the meat was lacking a flavorful crust. The pan sauce perfectly complemented the meat. Porterhouse is served sliced, and brought to the table with the bone marrow. 
POTATO PUREE: Portion goes farther than it seems, because it is so freaking rich. Texture was so smooth it was like velvet. Enjoyed this more than I thought I would, definitely one of the must-get sides.
CHOCOLATE PEANUT BUTTER LAVA CAKE: I'm not really a lava cake person, but this version filled with peanut butter was quite good. Cake was moist, chocolate-PB contrast is hard to screw up, the vanilla ice cream paired well with this. Wish I had thought to sub the cinnamon ice cream, which sounds even better. 

Service, especially from bussers, was attentive, and the booths are intimate for a date night or special occasion dinner with family. Highly suggest making reservations- even on a late weekday evening, the dining room was packed. The three-course dinners (just pick your meat, staff picks the sides and starters) sound like the best experience, will opt to go that route next time."
"If you can find this cafe through the smoke-infested casino and don't mind inconsistent service, this is a great place for massive portions of home cooking- and good specials.

BF has been hanging out at the AC sports book lately, so we had dinner here last night. Specials include a $10 prime rib and shrimp, $5 steak and eggs or ham and eggs, and a few others- BF preferred the prime rib dinner, which did not have shrimp but came in a larger size with soup or salad, rolls, vegetable of the day, and choice of potato. I tried his meat and it was actually surprisingly good, as was the au jus, which I usually find too salty.

I opted for the Wednesday dinner special of roasted pork loin with mashed potatoes and pan gravy with the same sides as above- meat was actually surprisingly good, but could have used a smidge more gravy. I liked the potatoes and I'm usually a little picky about them- slightly salty, seemed to me bad with smashed baby reds which are my favorite. Vegetable of the day was canned corn, which was lackluster and mostly flavorless. 

FInal note about the side salads that we started with: in addition to being rather large, they're drenched in dressing- so if you're counting calories you really should ask for it on the side. That being said, lettuce and other vegetables were crisp and fresh.

Service was a little less than impressive: took our server a good 10 minutes to approach us for the first time, he was a bit short with us, and when I asked for a cup of chili he snapped at me and said it only came in a bowl portion. Kind of annoyed about that, kind of annoyed about how he pointed it out. Either way, apparently you have to go with a bowl for chili- duly noted."
"Heard about this place when I got a sheet of coupons in the mail. Checked out the menu on the back and found out their lunch specials are valid til 4PM- I'm in! I called in my order on my way out the door from work, and swung by to pick up on my way home. Was told it'd be ready in 10 minutes, was packed and waiting for me when I walked in the door.

Got home and it was still piping hot, always a good sign.
Went for the won ton soup and the combination kung pao lunch special with half-and-half side of chow mein and fried rice. Bummed that the egg drop soup isn't included in take out lunch specials, but I had the giant soup instead. Used a coupon for a free 2 piece of egg rolls or rangoon (picked the rangoon) with $10 minimum purchase. Side note- they didn't take the coupon! I may use it again...

Overall, I was satisfied with the food. The soup in particular was good and despite sitting around for a while, the won tons were not falling apart- a couple, but not enough to make a sweeping statement or a negative impact on the dish. Lots of variety in the soup: bits of bbq pork, shrimp, and veggies in the broth, and plenty of won tons. Would get this again. Initially thought the $6.50 price tag was steep, but it's a meal.
The lunch special was also $6.50, and a hefty portion, too. Compartments of the styrofoam takeout box were overflowing- fried rice was moist but a little boring, chow mein was chewy and a little plain, both both balanced out the crazy combination kung pao. I say crazy here in a good way though- it was a giant portion with every meat mixed in, and quite a bit of chopped veggies, too. Spicy but not enough to scare anyone off, flavorful would be a more accurate way to put it. I did pick out the chiles before I started eating, but was really surprised to see five in my portion. FIVE! So if you're down for spice, go ahead and leave those in.
The rangoons were a nice little treat, small but indulgent, not too much cream cheese, either.

It's so convenient, and the coupons are a nice touch, and the well-priced lunch specials in giant portions (this is easily lunch for tomorrow, too)? I can safely say I'll be back."
"Visited twice and I'm leaning toward ""meh."" The staff are polite and the location is clean. The staff are also awkwardly quiet and the location is completely bare of décor and has limited evening lighting. But it's a restaurant so those things aren't that important.

The food was kind of dicey, too. Originally ordered a Dynamite sushi burrito ($12), belatedly realizing it's deep fried. My mistake but held out hope it would be good or at least interesting, but there's a reason why none of the other places in town do this- it warms to fish to the point of half-cooked, which is totally unappealing. That was a wasted meal.

Returned for a regular sushi burrito. Menu has limited premade combos so you'll probably have to DIY. Prices are higher than similar concepts around town. Fish freshness was okay but I was underwhelmed. I'll stick to the spot across the street."
"I picked this spot for a dinner with a coworker after she requested a place in the downtown Summerlin area. I got a bad feeling when I looked over their menu and nothing interested me, but I was confident that the several positive reviews from friends would yield a good experience.

Started with a glass of the Wolfgang Puck Cab, $9 and delicious, as well as the truffle chips with bleu cheese fondue. The truffle was a little overstated but the fondue had good flavor- too bad the order was cold. 

Coworker ordered the brick chicken and broccoli, while I chose the tortilla soup and roasted squash. Neither of us were wowed, food was very generic. I can't help but think I ordered wrong, but nothing stood out on the menu and even looking through reviews and photos now, the pizza that gets the best reviews (potato and leek with proscuitto?) is no longer available."
"First off, the food is  damn delicious. The monster slice combos are a great, affordable lunch option. Stuffed wings are a good side or app, but you can't skip the garlic rosemary knots- they're accompanied by several pieces of spreadably-soft roasted garlic! The antipasto salad is loaded with fresh ingredients and flavor, and makes a good lunch for those looking for a healthy option. 

This spot is noteworthy in that they use naturally leavened dough, as well as organic and artisan toppings and ingredients. The whole pizzas are pricey ($20-30) but use quality ingredients.. and can feed an entire crowd. If you want to impress at your next Superbowl party, this is definitely your spot.

I initially felt that serving the pizza with a side of ranch dressing went against that whole ""old school"" vibe, but it's actually a garlic-mascarpone dip! Unfortunately, the service has been borderline on every visit. Most recently, there were three people working and 4 tables covered in trash and dirty dishes in the middle of the afternoon and the space is already small with limited seating.

That said, the great food will keep me coming back all the way across town, regardless. Someday I'll get around to the porchetta sandwich, the grilled rosemary lemonade, and that chicken dish, but so far I'm in love with the pizza and haven't been able to resist ordering that."
"With a name like this, Truffles N Bacon Café has been on my radar for a while- I can appreciate a good truffle-flavored dish, but I'm not a fan of bacon. Oddly, it's their diverse menu of sandwiches that really caught my eye. I went with friend Shirley B's recommendation of the Jessie, but the mushroom BLT and Not Your Mama's Grilled Cheese both beg me to make another visit.

But I was underwhelmed by the SIMPLY JESSIE egg salad and smoked salmon on rye sounds both simple and delicious, but the salmon was minimal specks amid the salad, which barely held together and mostly ended up on the plate. I do like how they toasted one bread to help make the sandwich sturdier, but it didn't quite work. Added on a side of SINFUL TOTS for $2.50- nicely crispy bacon was the main topping, with a bit of cheese, a few pepperoncinis, and a slight essence of truffle oil detected on the fresh and crunchy tots. Good flavors, but slight missteps in execution.

It's a cute, sunny spot with warm wood floors, bright color accents, and an absolutely darling server- who I believe was the owner? Service was great: friendly, attentive, exceedingly polite. Wish I hadn't taken my order to go, but their menu will eventually bring me back."
"Stopped in for lunch- friendly staff and owner reminded us of all the businesses that have been in this space for the past several years, most recently a hotdog place but way back in '09 had the best damn barbeque ever as Red Apple Barbeque.

In any case, this place now specializes in cheese steaks- so we tried the 5"" Moe (grilled onions and mushrooms, my favorite combination) with curly fries and a 6-piece order of the buffalo wings.

Cheese steak was tasty- very literal interpretation of the dish, with plenty of shaved steak and melty cheese sauce woven into the entire sandwich. Onions and mushrooms were perfect, fresh roll it was served on held up without being too hard or too soft.

Wings were also decent- hot here would be considered mild anywhere else, but they were decently sized and had good flavor.

Service was polite, business began to pick up as we left around 4PM."
"Aquariums are my thing- wherever I travel, if there is an aquarium, I'm going by. That being said, considering how large it was I did find it odd that the only aquarium I heard of in the city was inside of a casino, but I suppose that's the Vegas way. I'll save my commentary on the decline of independently funded state and educational programs for another day.

First off, a delightful family ahead of me in line gave me a free ticket after accidentally ordering an extra. I don't know if a refund was not possible or if they were just super laid back, but it was very much appreciated. A lot of the reviews I'd read before coming stated how the price did not reflect the experience- at $18/adult, i'm not sure I disagree.

This aquarium reminded me of the Dallas state aquarium, in that it had a creative use of space that involved more of an outdoor feel with an Amazon-warrior theme for their open area, and that they were able to incorporate animals aside from fish. The first thing you see when you go in is a crocodile, then a komodo dragon and a tank of cichiids, before getting to some amazon fish and some lizards. Information on conservation is scattered throughout. Several large tanks are toward the end of your tour, and there are several informational plaques and computer displays set up for perusal. 

My favorite part was by far the tunnel, and I probably spent a good 15 minutes in there. Many families and other visitors passed me by quite frequently, which may be why the price is seen as ""too high""- they rush through and it's over and done with pretty fast. I will admit that it is small though- despite my lingering and genuine fascination with the exhibits, I was in and out in under an hour, probably closer to 45 minutes. 

The room after the tunnel has a touch tank of rays, which is always fun. As an educator, I like when museums and aquariums incorporate hands-on aspects for kids and adults rather than just things to see or read and a strict directive to keep hands off. The experience could be improved with more video rather than plaques, and perhaps more marketing geared toward adults rather than children, as they didn't seem to be engaged in much aside from the tanks at their level. 

The giant shark tank at the end of the tour, with the shipwreck decor, was a little overdone. It was cool to see the sharks and all, but with the name ""SHARK reef aquarium"" it was a little underwhelming. I had expected to see more sharks in the smaller tanks rather than just one or two culminating in the large room of sharks. Also, the tank itself was virtually empty of any decor- whether this is an oversight (it seemed boring to me) or simply best for visibility or the sharks' preference, I couldn't say. 

I'm not usually a gift shop person, but given that my admission was covered by that polite family, I stopped in. Sadly there wasn't too much selection in the way of adult shirts- one or two with gaudy lettering/stupid phrases, but mostly cheesy water-print tees featuring a shark mouth on the front circa 1990. Saw a lot of cuter kids tees but nothing in a size that would have worked for me. Other than shirt selection, there was a lot of kid-friendly type stuff, which again contrasted with the lack of kid-centric display materials in the exhibit itself. 

Pretty decent aquarium considering it's in a casino. Worth a visit if you aren't annoyed by the price, but definitely plan to linger. Watching the jellies, fish tunnel, and octopus are good places for this."
"Four stars for the fourth location of a favorite local chain! Customize bowls, burritos, salads, and even nachos with Hawaiian-style proteins and fresh house-made hot sauces. Service is as friendly as the mainland and prices are easy on the wallet.

The grilled fish or huli huli chicken, on a salad or bowl, are go-to meals for me. Always ask for seaweed rice, grilled veggies, and the pineapple-tomatillo salsa for a party that'll break your mouth. Dining room is pretty small, but on nice days opt for the lanai tables outside!"
"Rika Arepa Express has upgraded from a food truck to a brick and mortar location on the East side! Arepa lovers everywhere should be rejoicing, because RAE's eats are delicious. Go traditional with the Pabellon or riff on chicken salad with the Reina, or stick to your specialized diet with vegetarian and vegan options! 

For my first visit to this new location, I tried the chicken and sausage combo of the La Surena and it didn't disappoint: a hot packed pocket with creamy avocado slices, spicy sausage, and shredded chicken, which I smothered in their cilantro and spicy sauces. But because I'm a total glutton, I had to add on a beef empanada, which was also damn delicious. 

Location has a few tables to dine-in and service is friendly. They have an $11 lunch combo that includes an arepa, plantains, and drink, as well as some breakfast options for early visitors. I am hoping they do well here in their new home!"
"Didn't partake of the kushi-age, but was pleasantly surprised by the selection and quality of tapas and sushi. Heads up, this place closes rather early on weekdays by Chinatown standards: 11PM.

YELLOWTAIL CARPACCIO: cut a little thicker than proper carpaccio, with entirely too much red onion, not altogether unpleasant but over powering.
SEARED BEEF TONGUE: presentation similar to the carpaccio, but flavorful thin cut, love this meat.
MIXED MUSHROOM SAUTE: large and tasty portion, plated with lettuce as a salad, would get again.
MINI SASHIMI BOWL: hella fresh fish (salmon, tuna, mackerel, and hamachi?), over rice, well-priced at $8.50. Would get this every visit.
SALMON-AVOCADO ROLL: simple, fresh, delicious. 

Will return to try the famed kushi-age and other hot dishes, did not have room for the spicy curry udon I'd originally planned to order. Service was polite throughout visit, not too thrilled about the Yelp discount for review- while I understand encouraging people to leave reviews, I don't really like the leave-a-review-for-a-discount offer."
"Just a review for late-night boba. Visited the 168 Market nearby and popped in around 9PM for drinks. Heads up about the $15 card minimum, ouch!

The two of us ordered 3 drinks, taking the third to a homebound friend on our way home- we marveled at how different and great each drink was! Opted for a taste of the traditional with the milk tea boba, the healthy with the super creamy avocado smoothie boba, and the downright weird with a grape smoothie boba, which was really more like a slushy but with an actual grape taste instead of that fake-kids-medicine flavoring I was initially expecting.

Service was a bit on the slow side, but they are a full service restaurant and they did have a group dining in for dinner, so perhaps it was just a timing issue, but the lady who helped us was very polite."
"The difficult-to-find location and parking already turned me off a little before I even walked in the door to a line that nearly went out of it. I can only imagine how busy this place must be given that I was there at 2PM on a weekday. 

Line delay combined with small space led to many people standing around awkwardly with nowhere to sit after placing their order. I ordered to go, but standing for nearly half an hour was not ideal. Unable to determine if tables of people were waiting on food or lingering after finishing their meals.

Food: maybe I didn't get the right menu items to justify the hype but they have cut a lot of popular items from the menu so a few of the things I'd had my eye on are no longer options. Both the customers in front of and behind me in line had the same issue. Change is good when warranted, but when asked, an employee couldn't explain why they were no longer selling highly-requested dishes.

Opted for one of each of the ahi tacos- the ahi sriarchi and the ahi taco-san, one healthy and one happy. 
Healthy one was lacking flavor on the actual fish: healthy doesn't mean you can't season the fish, Daily Wellness Kitchen manages a good seasoning on theirs. Additional toppings added flavor but I was underwhelmed by the blandness of the fish itself.
The ahi taco-san was served on a puffy taco, which got soggy fast with the sauces and watery slaw topping. Flavors were a bit more pronounced with this taco, and I enjoyed the fish despite not generally being a tempura fan. The kitchen was heavy-handed with the mayo-based sauce.

I may come back another (carefully-timed) time to dine-in and try more options (is the cranburkey still there?), and the atmosphere seemed cool, but I will likely just wait until they move to a better location- management has commented that a larger 215/Rainbow location is in the works."
"Any time is a good time for tacos! Bruno's has been open on the southwest side and initially grabbed my eye for their custom latte art (download the Ripples app now) and churro desserts, but the tacos are where they really shine.

Open for lunch, dinner, and now weekend brunch, the menu has a range of a la carte tacos, along with vegan and vegetarian options, and breakfast tacos. I tend to prefer seafood and a recent spicy shrimp special was my favorite I've had so far. Their tacos are ~$4/ea and the protein for the fish taco is very generous. I also really like how they're served with a quartet of salsas to customize your spice level. The tortillas are also fresh-made, which makes a huge difference. Y'all keto folks can also get lettuce wraps. They have beer and margs for the drinkers, too. 

Being from south Texas, my standards for tacos are high and these are pretty good. I was super excited for their breakfast tacos, but found that they need more cheese to measure up to what I'm used to, but I am definitely super excited to have them regardless. Also recommend their guac if you're there with a group!

TIP: check in on the yelp app for a free small horchata on your first visit!"
"I don't understand why this spot has a separate business listing: there is one counter inside of Jackie Bee Boba Tea. I guess the signage implies that the food and the tea are provided by separate businesses, but it's one space with one counter and staff provide service for both menus. Shrug.

The location is across the street from a community college and next door to a computer gaming store, which helps to understand the target audience. I would compare the food quality to a step above a food court, with more variety than that description suggests. I've grabbed a few apps here and a $7 lunch combo before- it's Chinese/Thai fast food, with dishes like pad thai and orange chicken, and sides/apps like spam musubi, spring rolls, egg rolls, and of course, the boba.

Service is quick and generally friendly. The shared dining area is clean with new furniture and games available. The parking lot is very small, so you may want to utilize the adjacent Dennys lot and walk over."
"Island-theme restaurant with burgers, fish tacos, and a few other things, as well as happy hour and football specials. Staff is friendly, food is good with some execution issues.

Point Break burger is my favorite here, loaded with Gruyère & bleu cheeses, caramelized bacon & onion relish, lettuce, tomato & mayo. I love how they cook their burgers to medium here, but the large patty and overabundance of toppings, plus the medium cook, means the burger is on the brink of falling apart. I also blame the juiciness of the patty, to an extent.
All burgers come with bottomless fries, which is a great idea but not one I can handle- order to go if that's a death wish for you as well. Beware that your takeout fries may be cold and stale though...

Fish tacos are on the menu, but I have yet to try them. Swing by for Monday and Friday night football specials, in addition to their weekday happy hour specials."
"A ton of sushi burrito spots have popped up over the last year or so, but California Sushi Burrito is one of the few doing things right! I'm usually a poke bowl person but CSB's burritos are stuffed with so much fresh fish that it's hard to resist going hand-held. The SeaWorld is my fave, with a great sauce that is light without being overpowering, while the Blue Ocean comes in a close second. Next, I'll probably try the Palm Springs. For their grand opening special, dine-in orders come with sweet potato chips and a miso soup- no soup for you if you take your order to go."
"Is it possible to give this place six stars? I've heard people rave about this spot for ages, but I didn't get it until I went for myself. What sets it apart? The same thing that sets every amazing business from it's competitors: a great product PLUS stellar service.

We walked in and were immediately greeted and helped by the owner and flavor artist herself, Desyree, who encouraged us to try as many flavors as possible and told us all about her house-made, no additives/artificial products, all natural gelatos.  She was so sweet and friendly, I'd love to spend time just picking her brain about culinary stuff.

Every flavor we tried blew us away. The pear and bleu cheese? Wow. The pistachio? Damn. Rice pudding with cinnamon? Holy moly. Hazelnut? Take my money. The white coffee bean? Shut the front door. That's not a kick in the mouth, that's a kick in the nuts. All of them are amazing. She even told me about her olive oil flavor, which sounds right up my alley- and will be in next week!

While I could have easily filled up on free sampling all of the flavors in the case, BF finally settled on a medium cup with two flavors: the spectacular white coffee bean, balanced out nicely with the chocolate brownie, which tasted like the world's most perfect chocolate pudding.
We were in heaven. And I'm happy to say, we plan to be regulars."
"Those who get all riled up about the East coast vs West coast, Shake Shack vs In N Out debate, step off. I like them both well enough and don't have either very often. I managed to hit up this new location when holiday shopping at the outlets, which is an experience that obviously requires stress eating before, during, and after.  Shake Shack to the rescue!

The Shack Stack (regular burger topped with a fried, cheese-filled mushroom cap!) is my go-to, clocking in at about a million calories but tasting sinfully good. This time I added on cheese fries (go big or go home!) and a seasonal shake- peppermint chocolate, as recommended by the cashier. $20 and way too much food (couldn't conquer the shake!), but not a bad indulgence when you only do it a couple times a year. 

TIP: Find it fast by parking  in the garages by the Nike store, take escalator to ground level, then hang a left."
"I've recently been on a waffle kick and was excited to see this spot open near me. Note that they specialize in waffles but also serve crepes- which is exactly what the previous business in this space sold. I am interested to see what they change to succeed where their predecessors did not.

Came in for an afternoon bite after a workout- location is very bare, one quiet employee working. She recommended the Strawberry Banana waffle, so that is what I went with. Waffle was served hot and fresh, with ample fruit and whipped topping. However, the waffle itself was  overcooked, hard and crunchy rather than chewy. Flavor was decent, looking forward to trying a savory option.

I would like to see them step up their offerings- the current menu is a little basic. Also, when I spend $10 for a single waffle, I kind of expect a real plate instead of a paper one. Upgrading their canned whipped cream to a fresh made version would also be appreciated."
"I'm not a McDonald's eater. Blame Fast Food Nation, blame their rash of bad publicity, or blame common sense, but the ""food"" here isn't really good and we all know it. That being said, their double cheese burger tastes like childhood and you can't deny that, either.

I usually stop here to hit up the Redbox machine, but occasionally I'll pop in to grab a treat for my BF or a friend. Somehow, in the handful of times I've gone in, they've always been out of chocolate shakes. And half the time their coffee is lukewarm despite being fresh-made. 

Without fail, this place is always kind of messy, and their parking lot layout is a disaster waiting to happen- it's small and seems like half the spots are handicap-only, but luckily the lot itself connects on either side to the car wash and the Walmart plaza. Because you can't go to one without going to the other."
"Good pupusas are always found in seedy-looking areas, but the interior here is surprisingly well-appointed. Pricing is super-low, $2/ea is a bargain for the size of the 'pusas here- they're filling, cheesy, and served with the perfect coleslaw and tomato sauce.

Added on an order of yucca frita, not realizing it was an entrée plate including chicharrones but the order was good- I prefer my yucca super salty and garlicky, and this wasn't quite that, but it was still a good portion size and very crispy.

Service is friendly- don't be afraid to make a phone in order, even if they answer in spanish the phone is quickly passed to someone who can take your order and fill it correctly."
"After dining nearby, my car's tire pressure alert came on. Thankfully, the Yelp app directed me to this location about a block away. Staff were quick and friendly, checked my tire pressure and added air. I was in and out and on my way in about 15 minutes. So far, I've yet to have a bad experience with this chain."
"The standard gyro here is a massive portion of meat wrapped in giant pita for a low $7. One of the best deals on this side of town, which isn't known for high prices to start with.

 Staff is friendly, location is clean, and if they gyro isn't enough for you a side of spinach might hit the spot- topped with roasted tomatoes and caramelized onions, it's way better quality than I expected though a bit oily for my personal preference.

A complete meal with drink and side will barely set you back $10 and you'll likely have leftovers. Damn delicious gyro with tons of thick-cut meat and a hefty portion of tzatziki sauce to top it with."
"Found this place on Groupon before a recent visit and reviews here made it seem worth visiting, so bf and I fit it into our travel plans this past week. Not sure I would recommend it to any friends though.

Though it is in a seedy part of town, effort is made to make this place as professional as possible. Art is labelled with accompanying plaques, shelves and display cases are clean and organized, and quite a bit of unique items are available here.

However, this place just falls short. The employee who let me in said the trip should take about an hour, and it did, but it wasn't a riveting hour- I was mostly looking around for substance, and didn't really find it. The section on peepshows was detailed and cohesive, with several examples and display items to accompany the narrative text. I enjoyed that part.

The rest of the museum was largely a mishmash of objects and pictures without much in the way of a guide or narrative, or any discernible path or process by which you were supposed to tour the museum displays. There was a section of Persian art, then a rack of labelled vintage sex toys, then cardboard cutouts of various porn stars and a few bondage sex furniture pieces. Most of it was interesting, but it was just not thorough and everything seemed very dated.

Another thing I'd like to point out is the lack of material discussing erotic literature or pornography as an industry. I know this isn't a porn museum, but all they had was just some standard biographical posters of well established porn stars and a ""cam girl display"" which was unfortunately not working when we were there. It, also, was painfully put of date. Would have liked to see well developed material discussing and detailing the impact of the Internet on the porn industry, or recent legislation that has impacted the field such as that involving mandatory STD testing and/or condom usage.

All things said, this is not a place to bring your more prudish friends. There were places where actual porn footage is playing, and loudly so, which may make some uncomfortable. I myself did not mind, but think I would not have lingered if other patrons were present nearby, but as it is, we were alone for nearly the entire duration of our visit, for which I am thankful."
"I love this chain- sad that they closed the Charleston location near me, now I have to trek out to this one to get my fix of the Brooklyn Bomber. Best on rye bread, it's a pile of pastrami topped with a great egg salad. Add their Cajun sauce for a spicy kick. Maybe it's the drive, but it just doesn't quite taste as good as the old place. Still a great sandwich, though."
"1920s style speakeasy atmosphere? Check.
Massive menu of obscure and classic drinks? Check.
2 daily HHs with half-price steaks? Check again.

Server was great about suggesting and recommending drinks to help us, as the menu is a bit overwhelming- the Blackthorne, Pegu, and Diablo were all tasty and strong without being too sweet. I do wish they offered better wines, and found it odd they don't have any beers on tap.

The littleneck clams app has a delicious lemon-herb sauce, but the half-price flat iron was the star: cooked to perfection, juicy, and well-seasoned. I'll have to come back hungrier to try a better cut. Sides of sprouts and truffle mac were both enjoyable, if a touch salty. Wish the HH menu featured more apps, like the flatbreads.

In addition to dinner and drinks, they make killer desserts. Our party couldn't decide, so we got both their seasonal apple bread pudding and their fresh-baked cookies. Both were massive and really hit the spot for the sweet tooth folks. 

I'll be back for more drinks and eventually the rib eye. Maybe next time I'll actually sit in the bar area, but the volume of the music was blasting even sitting in the quieter dining room area. Great retro-Vegas, blast from the past experience."
"The same friendly service and solid sushi-burrito menu is now available on the Southwest side of town, closer to their original Soho restaurant. Fish quality is decent, the hand-held rolls get the majority of their flavor from added sauces and salsas, as is the case at most Americanized sushi joints.

The BAJA ($9) is my preference, with a fresh salsa that really makes it shine as a fusion dish rather than just a large sushi roll. The MALIBU ($8) was a little basic, and the LONG BEACH was a step up- as expected, since it contains more fish and a higher price tag to match ($11).

Note the salsa bar around the corner by the register- actual salsas are available, as well as more traditional sushi accouterments like soy sauce, wasabi, and ginger. While the original location is more convenient to me, I'm sure I'll pop in when I visit the coffee shop next door."
"I was in the area for an event and Cathey K suggested this place for dinner- and when she found out I'd never been here, she insisted upon it. I'll admit, finding a place I haven't been to is no small feat, and my friends find it a personal challenge to introduce me to a new restaurant. Despite the hot weather and hot food (not my favorite combo), Pot Tea did not disappoint!

Large menu of apps and drinks, with hot pots on the back- they're brought out preassembled and placed on individual heaters, so you're not mixing them up yourself as at Chubby Cattle. I opted for the Seafood & Tofu combo, which came with two large shrimp, two mussels, various clams, and a giant crab claw sticking out of the middle, with other veggies. Level 2 spice was just right for me, side of rice or noodles provided. Broth was robust, soup had plenty of protein, and we both left full, for a reasonable ~$15. 

The service throughout our visit was attentive and polite, checked on us frequently and refilled drinks. Orders were out quickly and location is very clean. Looking forward to coming back in the fall when it's cooler and I find hot soups more appealing!"
"This place seems to be under new ownership with the same name- I never would have known if I hadn't commented on their cute pizza clock over the kitchen door, and was told it came with the place when they took over 2 months ago.

Service was friendly. Ordered a large house salad with Italian and a slice of pepperoni to go. Salad was large, but underwhelming- should have opted for a specialty salad, as the mix of iceberg lettuce and peppers with a mostly-straight-olive-oil Italian dressing just didn't really do it for me. It's well-priced for a large portion at $5, and may be much better simply with a different dressing.

Was pleasantly surprised by the pizza- was expecting the kind of by-the-slice stuff that has likely sat out, but my piece was fresh, cheesy, and featured giant pepperonis. The crust was also well-seasoned with a garlicky blend that I really enjoyed, and the sauce was a very savory chunky tomato version that was heartier than what I usually find on pizza. It was quite greasy though, and required using multiple napkins as I ate, making me feel a bit sick toward the end- but it was so tasty!"
"I'm not a huge ice cream person, but when I crave it, it's nice to know there's a location down the street even though the chain overall is getting harder and harder to find. Their e-club gets you a free scoop on your birthday and various coupons throughout the year.

Favorite flavors include jamocha, jamocha almond crunch, the cherries jubilee, black walnut, and pralines and cream: you pretty much can't go wrong. For those on a diet, they have lower-cal options, they even have sugar-free and lactose-free choices- talk about accommodating!

Except for the fact that their register apparently will not read your card occasionally, and they have no way to enter it manually. So you can go in excited, make small talk with the staff, get your ice cream scooped, then go to pay, and get handed back your card with a brusque, ""Your card isn't swiping. It's not for insufficient funds or anything, but it's not reading."" And they toss your order and move on to the next person. RUDE."
"I will never understand why people visit Vegas and eat at chain restaurants. But I guess if you gamble all of your money away, this food court is probably your best option for feeding yourself. BF has a soft spot for this chain, which is why we ended up here.

All the burgers are consistently good, I usually opt for the Original (cheese is extra) or the Route 66 (mushroom Swiss). BF always has to have the chili cheese fries with white onion added, but I personally favor just cheese on mine. 

Dine at the counter for best service, they also offer walk-up service. After you order, whip out your phone and purchase the half-off Groupon for $6 off $12."
"I've been waiting for Snow White to open since their signage went up months ago- great location, few competing coffee options in the area, and several nearby restaurants to provide traffic for after-dinner desserts!

Snow White is one of a growing number of local spots to use Stumptown coffee. They offer the brew every way you can imagine, from affogato to cold brew and even the nitro cold brew (holy caffeine overload!). Selection of flavored lattes includes options like rose (subtle but sweet!), matcha (non-espresso!), and they also offer a bunch of teas. Have yet to try the desserts, but portions are huge for sharing.

The decor is perfect- shades of white and grey on the walls, tables, and floor give subtle nod to the name, along with cute decorative touches. Lee is as sweet as the namesake princess, ask her for recommendations when you go!

EDIT: Went back for dessert and tried their Strawberry Bingsoo. Huge portions, fresh fruit, natural flavors, and fluffy ice! Will have to try the mango or brownie flavor next."
"I'm not a fan of Pearson as a company, but when you're an educator, they're a necessarily evil. Literally. Getting your teaching certification requires their services. Most recently, I went in to this testing center for my National Board examination. 

My GPS didn't like the given address but the Yelp map and Google directions are accurate. Parking garage under the building, clear signage, easy to find your way. If you read the rules and restrictions before you go, you won't get any surprises. Take a sweater, it was a little cool. They have a nearby bathroom and a water cooler for breaks. Staff Teresa and John? were polite and professional. I'd keep this location in mind for future test requirements."
"So many sauces, so little time! There's a truly huge selection of sauces for tossing or dipping your wings, strips, and fries, so you can change up your order every time. Some of my favorites are the Jamaican Jerk, Hot Honey Garlic, and Creamy Garlic Parm. They also offer spicy versions of their house-made ranch and blue cheese dressings, to kick things up a level.

This location recently opened and is clear across town from me, but has been consistently clean with friendly staff across a couple of visits. I prefer the huge, meaty fingers over the crispy, juicy wings, but they also offer salads, sandwiches, burgers, and a surprisingly good bowl of chili. My go-to is the #4 combo (wings and fingers) with their skinny, salty fries to complement the spicy sauces I get. 

TIP: Order online through the Yelp app so you can grab on the go!"
"Sometimes it's crazy to me to think that I haven't lived in the Bay Area in six years. That's where I found (and fell for) Ike's sandwiches! They're known for the Dutch crunch bread, the massive 100+ item menu, and their huge, messy sandwiches! Bonus points for having vegan options and online ordering available.

Favorites I've tried are the Madison Baumgartner (rib eye, pepper jack, yellow bbq, cheese and habanero) and the Menage a Trois (halal chicken with three cheeses and three sauces), but the huge menu has enough that you could try something different every visit- find the protein you want that day and go from there! Toppings range from the typical (honey mustard, avocado) to the crazy (mozzarella sticks, cranberry sauce, orange glaze, breaded eggplant, etc). Service is quick and friendly at this grab-and-go counter in the Fashion Show Mall food court. 

For quick and easy access, order online then park in the garage in the back right (""restaurant"" area), take elevator to three, grab and go. 

 Hot Tip: add the dirty sauce for an extra blast of flavor."
"This is just a review for their tennis courts. Came here recently for a four-day tournament, and I like how close the courts are to the front gate. There's ample parking and it's a gorgeously landscaped area. Courts themselves are in good condition, and they have lessons (adults or kids) and leagues available.

There are 6 courts, with lighting for late games, and benches on the court for players and spectators. There's also a raised walk way with tables and chairs for additional seating, which is appreciated but unfortunately poorly placed, as the sun will be in your eyes for most games due to the high roof and low seats."
"I'm not the world's hugest Korean food fan, but if you have the word ""delicious"" in your name, I expect to taste more than just kimchee and banchan. I love banchan, don't get me wrong, but the glossy food photos outside didn't really compare to the main dishes actually received here.

First of all, sticker shock. I wasn't there for KBBQ (but maybe I should have changed my mind), but everything was like $25/dish. Pork and octopus stirfry was mostly kimchee with red sauce over a scant amount of octopus, a few other pieces of various seafood, and some other unidentifiable protein that must have been the pork.

I gave the main dish to my guy and stuck to the sides: broccoli, pineapple, beansprouts, and daikon prepared various tasty ways. Oh, plus more kimchee. You know, if you hadn't had enough already.

Now I know why this is the only restaurant in this plaza that never, ever has a wait. I'm just curious as to how they afford the rent, since no one ever seems to go in here, they have so few reviews, and no one was here during a super-busy night when I was, either."
"First off, it's ballsy for this spot to open so close to so many other coffee shops! Within a block or two, you have Pour, Sunrise, and Magnum. But this coffee joint is doing something a bit different, offering quick drive-thru only service (like Dutch Bros) of drinks and a few food items (bagels, cake pops, etc). Prices seem reasonable, maybe a touch high considering the concept doesn't offer dine-in seating or service but charges on par with shops that do.

I came by when on the east side for work earlier this week. Drive thru line moved quickly, gals at the window were peppy. I tried their medium cold brew and a southwest breakfast burrito- drink was a touch creamier than I'd like but enough caffeine to get through my day of meetings. Burrito was surprisingly spicy (a good thing!), small (on par with $3.50 price tag), but surprisingly good for a kitchen the size of a postage stamp. It hit the spot and started my day on a good note. Not really a convenient location for me to return to often but I'd welcome a location on my side of town.

TIP: Grand opening specials next week (Sept 2-6), with BOGO drinks that Friday!"
"Go East, young man! To the East SIDE, that is. For Thai food.
Don't let the name fool you, it's a cozy location with dine in available. The high ratings are entirely justified, everything I've tried here has been great and the prices are extremely reasonable.

CHINESE BROCCOLI WITH CRISPY PORK: So good! Pork is perfectly cooked with a crunchy exterior and moist, juicy interior. Broccoli is tender, sauce is delicious. Would get this again.
CRAB FRIED RICE: This is a gigantic, flavorful portion! Every bite seems to have crab in it, and the mountain of food can easily be split by two or three people. One of the best CFR dishes I've had.
GRILLED SALMON PANANG CURRY: Salmon is on the dry side, curry itself is intense! Plated with green beans, carrots, and broccoli, which was an odd combination that surprisingly worked. 
MANGO STICKY RICE: Classic dessert, good-sized portion, rice is just right and mango was perfectly ripe.

They offer delivery to a 3 mile radius, with only a $15 minimum. Most dishes in the $8-10 range. My only regret is that this place isn't closer to me!"
"Friendly husband and wife taqueria team- they emphasize that their tacos are ""Chicago style"" which seems to mean that the yellow corn tortillas are fried. I didn't notice a significant difference in flavor, but the tortillas seemed to hold up better than elsewhere.

There is a good variety of meats and they all seem to be done pretty well: the asada was solid and the barbacoa was a surprise hit. Not only is it difficult to find barbacoa in Vegas, but flavor is hit or miss. Here, they use braised beef cheek for the most flavorful version I've found. I also liked the texture of the lengua. 

In addition to tacos, menu has burritos, tortas, plates, and Windy City fries- basically asada fries, with sour cream, pico, guac, and your choice of cheeses. The barbacoa was especially good on this, but I would have preferred a different type of fry than the frozen crinkle-cut variety, which were a bit too thick for my liking. Toppings were super generous though, and even the small size will require you to share with a couple of friends. 

Service was friendly but orders came out a bit slowly- keep in mind that this is a two person operation, so be patient. Food is tasty, wish I'd grabbed a torta to take to work the next day. I'm rarely on this side of town, but I'll be suggesting it to others to check out."
"If you want an upscale-looking place with a taqueria-size price tag, bookmark this place. After hearing so much, it's hard to see how the reputation fits in with the reality. Coming from San Antonio, I'm used to quality taqueria fare, and though this place tries to do an upscale version, I'm not fully on board.

Between the line backup (there's not enough space for separate meat counters!) and the music being too loud for employees to hear my order (a live mariachi in a cavernous space?!), there is a disconnect between the concept and the actual facilitation of business. 
Salsa bar has ridiculously tiny cups (without lids) and upstairs seating area lacks any sort of napkin/utensil station, warranting multiple trips up and down the narrow stairs. I appreciated that there were grilled onions, though. 

Execution issues aside, the food was just okay. By the time I got my corn and paid, my tacos were cold. The lengua, asada, and barbacoa were all mushy to the point that I wasn't sure which meat was which, and they should all be distinct. As others have said, I didn't care for the pineapple salsa on the asada. The corn was tasty, but the chips tasted like they'd been sitting out. I've been happier spending $12 at a taco truck, but I'd come back here at someone else's request."
"NOTE: This business listing carries over past reviews that apply only to their previous menu/location. Disregard any reviews prior to March 2017.

That said, I'm thrilled this place is back! Their new location is super convenient, and being able to walk to a vegan restaurant from my house rocks. The interior is totally transformed from the previous deli spot, and food and service have improved too!

VEGAN MENU: Good variety, breakfast served all day plus entrees. Enchiladas are solid, but the taco sampler plate is what I come back for (the cilantro-lime mushrooms are awesome). Molletes make a great breakfast dish. I like how they use quality non-dairy sour cream and cheese products and not Daiya. I'm looking forward to trying their nachos! If you're inching into vegan cuisine, try the potato tacos, they're a crowd-pleaser.

REGULAR MENU: Their best work is in the vegan items, but they also offer regular Mexican food so as not to limit their patrons. Their carne asada is really good, and I recommend their burritos, fideo, and enchiladas. Breakfast menu looks great, will be trying those dishes soon. 

PRICING: Vegan menu is priced appropriately for a niche product with a limited target audience. People will come here for their great specialty vegan food. $13 for a taco sampler with sides is fair, and the $10 burrito packed with your choice of vegan fillings isn't unreasonable. Non-vegan menu prices are on the high side (think $12 wet burrito, $8 for chips and salsa?!), and need to come down a buck or two per item to be reasonable for the area. This isn't downtown Summerlin. 

I really like the food here and I'm grateful to have a nearby vegan option when I'm too lazy to try to stick to it. I'm hoping they do well in this location!"
"Big chicken, eating it fried
Big chicken, don't forget sides...

Yeah, so clearly I'm not in the same league as Al Yankovic for coming up with clever cover songs but Shaq's first Vegas venture into the food industry is about as big a hit as Jay-Z's 1999 hit, ""Big Pimpin'."" The food is fresh and delivers on flavor, and the prices are very reasonable, at around $10/meal. The family-friendly atmosphere has a smallish dining room with walk-up counter and a bar, along with several screens for watching a game, and a foosball table for fun. From the neon signs to the range of specialty sauces, they packed a lot of character into this relatively small spot.

Well-organized menu has sandwiches, sliders, strips, salads, shakes, sidekicks, and sweets. Yelp friend Jean C and I tried the Big Aristotle and Shaq Fu BBQ sandwiches, along with sides of BC fries, sweet potato fries, and Lucille's mac and cheese. Chicken was well-seasoned and so juicy, and decently sized filets filled the entire fluffy, brioche bun. I do wish the cheese on my sandwich was melted rather than cold, and the portion of pork belly on my friend's burger was minimal. Thankfully, the mac was a hit, super creamy and topped with crushed Cheese-Its. BC fries are an unexpected oblong, chip-like shape but it worked well for trying the dipping sauces- spicy chipotle and Shaq sauce being the favorites.

Service was solid, with attentive staff at the bar and food out fast. Dining room stayed clean despite plenty of business during out visit. Bonus points for offering Stubborn craft sodas as a drink option, hoping they add basic iced tea at some point. Looking forward to coming back to try more of the menu, like the banana pudding ice cream sandwich!"
"I hate rating local businesses low, but I really didn't have much choice. Tried to order twice and they were unable to fill my order. They don't keep their posted hours and took my money anyway. I even gave them another chance, but it didn't work out.

1st experience: Ordered via Yelp app, got a quick call back from owner apologizing that they're closed between lunch and dinner and won't reopen for a couple hours. Appreciated the quick follow up, we agreed that he'd cancel my order, and I thought it was resolved. But then I got notifications that my order was confirmed, and then ready for pickup, and my account was charged. Not thrilled, GrubHub refunded me.

2nd experience: Still craving catfish a few days later, I placed the same order online again on my way home, on a weekday evening. Order was never confirmed, location was closed, GrubHub didn't charge me. This time, I'm hangry.

I would love to be able to post a more helpful review about the food quality, but right now it seems this truck is more of a hobby or side hustle rather than an actual business if they can't keep to their own posted hours. If they reach out, I'd be happy to try again but I don't want to waste my time."
"Barbecue is the way to my heart, and Truck U has won me over. I love the curves and edges of their burnt ends burrito, packed with smoky, meaty bits and crunchy, salty duck fat fries. The spicy sauces pack just enough heat to leave a little lingering tingle when you're done. The hype is totally real, and that burrito will be in my highlight reel of favorites for a long time to come.  Their fried chicken tacos are also pretty solid, with a cornflake crust, BBQ sauce, and ""jalracha"" for a flavor explosion. The flour tortilla was a good choice that held up despite the hefty filling where a corn tortilla would have fallen apart.  

Truck U only seems to be available for special events these days, but I'll be on the lookout for them whenever I see a gathering of food trucks. The indoor seating available for their kitchen takeover at Kitchen at Atomic was an awesome introduction to their eats, and helped make the bump in pricing a bit more bearable- $14 burrito, $11 for a pair of tacos."
"Healthy grab-and-go lunch and snack spot, located inside Partell Pharmacy next door to Patisserie Manon. I've been to their other location and was underwhelmed, but this location has the service and food nailed- plus they're right by my work!

When you enter, you are greeted. Signage displays daily specials and new items. Sandwiches, salads, and protein boxes are in a refrigerator to grab and go. You can also call in your order ahead of time. Juices and protein shakes are made to order, sandwiches can be heated upon request, and there's a small dine-in area.

The buffalo chicken and chipotle chicken wraps and salads are among my go-to items, and the house-made dressings are flavorful. I usually don't do the beverages here, but the Vanilla Powerhouse protein shake is freaking delicious with a 4:1 protein to carb ratio. 

TIPS: Check in for your 15% Yelp discount!"
"I'm generally not a fan of businesses that don't bother with the convenience of posted signage. I came by and nearly left because the posted address goes to an office and the entrance around back appeared to be for another restaurant. Eventually we found our way, but it's a douche move to intentionally limit your patronage to those ""in the know"".

But goddamn if the coffee and desserts aren't the best I came across in the greater Phoenix area. The Lux salted cookie sandwich and a cappuccino made an incredible dessert that had me eating my words about this place being a bunch of pretentious, artsy bullshit. I mean, it is, but I guess if you have the skills to back it up, you can get away with it. The barista who helped me was friendly enough, but some sort of organization to the ordering system should be appreciated, as it was mostly a herd of people standing in front of the registers until they were summoned by staff. 

Great late-night stop to catch up with friends over drinks or sweet treats. Snag a copy of their cute-ass menu with vintage drawings and old-school dining specials. Outdoor seating available, since indoors is limited and smoke-free. Were their holiday hours not limited, we would have made the 10 mile trek out of our way to visit again before leaving town. Will make a point of returning when I'm back in a few months."
"Barbecue is my anti-drug. I've heard good things about Ellis, but it's tucked into an off-Strip casino with evening-only hours (4PM open) and the first couple of times I tried to go by, there's been a huge line. If you like chicken and ribs, it's worth seeking out and planning ahead. Note their limited menu before going: some places try to have options for everyone but this spot is pretty exclusively for carnivores.

PROS:
+ Their sauce is spot on for flavor. Not too sweet, not spicy, nice and thick. It sticks to the meat without covering up the smoky flavor.
+ The chicken is huge and juicy, and the rib racks are so huge that a half was enough for me.
+ The menu is simple and fairly priced. They know what their strengths are, which to me is so much better than places that do everything but only a couple of them well.
+ Service is so polite and attentive. I am kicking myself for not remembering our server's name, as we had the same sweet lady twice. Their staff is just great.

WISH LIST:
+ Add a few things to the menu. I'd like to request brisket, mashed potatoes, and macaroni. 
+ Lunch hours, even if they're just weekends only, would be SO appreciated!"
"Brandy is as sweet as her treats! Found F&C through their IG account and ordered some treats for a group gathering. The F&C concept is similar to SkinnyFats- regular, indulgent treats are available, as well as those fitting specialized diets, such as gluten-free, sugar free (for diabetics), and vegan. Rumor has it she's also working on some high-protein desserts for the fitness freaks out there.

My favorite treat so far is her PBJ cupcakes, a dense yet sturdy white cake topped with a flavorful, creamy PB frosting and filled with grape jelly. Anyone who knows me knows I'm not  a sweets person but PBJ is my weakness, and I devoured way too many of these. I also tried her signature Snickerdoodle Blondies- think brownies made with white chocolate, with cinnamon. These were huge, thick pieces, moist and chewy. I liked them but could have gone heavier on the cinnamon. Looking forward to an opportunity to order from her again when my GF coworker has a special event!"
"I'm always on the lookout for new coffee shops around town, and Magnum has been on my radar for a while, with their bright tropical toucan signage by the airport. Their weekday hours prevented me from popping by except for the occasional work assignment on the East side, but now that they've added Saturday hours (7am-1pm), I'm likely to be a regular.

Location roasts on site with a large variety of beans for sale. Staff are knowledgeable about what they carry and can make recommendations. They also stock tea and various gift items for purchase.

I primarily come here to grab a drink rather than beans, and I like that they offer both hot and cold drinks that are well-priced for the size. They also have monthly drink specials that are fun to try. With their stamp card, it's only 6 purchases to get a freebie!

I do wish that they offered ceramic cups for those who want to enjoy their drink on site. There's a bar area, a couch sitting area, and an industrial area with high tops with plenty of room, but everything is served in takeout cups. They do have a few pastries and snacks available."
"Nevada Kabab recently opened in a former fast-food restaurant space by my office. I popped by recently for lunch, and will likely be in again. Food quality was pretty good but menu is on the small side- would love to see the addition of hummus, pita, dolmas, and other items. Service was friendly, and they do offer salmon as a protein as well as a couple of vegetarian/vegan options.

What makes this spot stand out is their use of a drive-thru. I'm not sure this type of food really lends itself well to the rushed ordering window experience, so I dined in. Shish kabob combo with rice, side salad, cucumber-yogurt sauce, and can soda was just shy of $20, a bit steeper than the attached drive-thru lane might imply. Meat was well prepared, juicy and flavorful. As other reviews state, rice was on the plain side and the house salad dressing is watery, took it home and subbed out my own."
"Latin comfort food? Sign me up! I was excited to hear about this spot coming to the area but after two visits, I won't be back. My issue here isn't really with the food- most of it has been fair to good. The service and pricing are what I take issue with. 

First visit, I placed an online order for pickup for empanadas. Arrived on site only to find that I was charged 30% more for my items. When I pointed this out to the server, she was rude and borderline belligerent, saying it wasn't her problem and she would just cancel my order if I had a problem with it. I took it up with GrubHub, who called owner/manager to verify, only for them to straight up lie. Photos of their on site menu versus online menu clarified my side. I later spoke with someone affiliated with the business and got an apology and explanation. Empanadas were hit or miss with some flavors faring better than others- beef and olive was solid, ham and cheese was super salty, spinach and cheese seemed to be just plain spinach and was super wet and bland. I really liked the pastry exterior though.

Returned for their sandwiches. Ordered online again, prices appeared to have been corrected. The Medianoche sandwich was just okay, on the smaller side for the $10 price with overcooked, dry meats, and very little spread. Apparently it's $1.25 for a side cup of sauce. The thing that really kills me is the side of yucca fries which cost $4.38 and consisted of exactly FOUR STICKS OF YUCCA. That's completely insane pricing, and the blatant nickel and diming is exactly why I won't be back or be recommending this spot to anyone."
"This place smells like absolute heaven when you walk in, and the lady running the counter and kitchen is as sweet as can be! Unfortunately, the taste did not quite live up to my expectations.

Ordered a Greek salad, add gyro meat, and a traditional lamb gyro, both to go. The salad was overdressed and I had to add a ton of spinach at home to get the proportions right- it was drenched, even with some dressing leaking out the side of the takeout box. Accompanying pita was seasoned with herbs, crisp as a cracker, and almost painfully salty to eat. 
Took a bite of my guy's gyro and didn't care for the tzatziki sauce used- can't put my finger on it, but it was too much like straight sour cream and too light on the flavor for my liking. BF said it was fine, but he wasn't blown away by it. Gyro meat was a little lower in quality than I expected and seemed less than fresh.

This place is out of the way for me, so I likely won't be returning, but their pricing is good and they'll do when a craving strikes."
"All style and no substance. 
Starting at practically $200/night (on their site, on a concert night- there are deals to be had but far from good ones IMO), the rooms here best be swanky- and they are. But given the location, there's really nothing nearby to go to other than the businesses inside this casino unless you have a car or want to constantly call taxis. I'd rather stay on the Strip proper given this alternative, and I'm not a fan of the Strip in the first place.

I came here for a concert, and the Joint venue here is a good one- but after visiting not one, not two, but THREE different restaurants (happy hour, dinner, and coffee), I was underwhelmed by the both the service and product at all of them, I can't really recommend this place, even for a staycation.

Also note their insane ""outside food policy""- if this were genuinely intended for safety, they would be targeting coolers, alcohol, and possible ways of bringing in drugs. Not confiscating candy bars and bottled water."
"I've got two words for ya: lunch specials. They're incredible. Giant portions, ready fast enough to pop by on your lunch break, super low pricing. You can even get these deals ordering online so you can pull in, grab and go, and eat back at work, and there are options for everyone with pizza, salad, hot and cold sandwiches, wings, and tenders, all with a drink. I cannot stress enough how good the pricing is here.

So far, I've tried the eggplant parm lunch special- sandwich is hefty, clocking in at what seems like an entire pound, covered with melted cheese and served with a mountain of fries. This was easily two lunches for me and I didn't even finish the fries. Came back for a slice and wing special, which was nearly  a quarter of a pizza. Also didn't finish this but will definitely be back for more wings and a specialty pie- heads up, they're BOGO half off weekdays 2-5PM. I don't live or work nearby but I will be back."
"Ardie and Stephanie's reviews are correct: the portion sizes here are colossal, and splitting an entrée and an app or salad is the perfect amount of  food for two people. Pricing is fantastic, quality is good, service is friendly.

Ordered takeout guided solely by reviews- opted for the #19 with lamb instead of pork chops (they ask), and subbed salad for my rice (my request), with an order of Armenian salad. Salad was full of fresh and perfectly ripe veggies, perfectly flavored, and a great accompaniment to the mix of meats in the plate: two small lamb chops, two pieces of lamb kabob, two pieces of chicken kabob, and a skewer of beef koobideh (ground formed beef), served with roasted tomato and pepper. Tons of food, bill just under $25.

Wish I'd seen a menu, they really do need a website. Looking forward to coming again, service from Sophie (even to pick up an order) was great."
"Frisbee golf, tennis courts, and a lake full of ducks and geese, oh my! This park is much larger than it appears when you're driving by. I've been here for tennis tournaments and 5Ks, and had drastically different experiences. Majority of visitors seem to be picnicking and birthday-partying families and friends, the pavilions and grills are available for reservation- though I don't know how you go about doing that.

Plenty of parking and shaded areas, trails are clean and trash is regularly emptied. Unfortunately, the lake itself is disgusting with tons of trash that has blown in. The bathrooms are a crapshoot- the ones by the tennis courts are in relatively good condition, but the closer to the lake you get, the worse the bathrooms are. I'm talking no stall doors, no soap, and no toilet paper. Come prepared if you plan to spend a day out here."
"Came in for HH with a friend. Menu is small and quality is hit or miss. The arancini were amazing, but the calamari was lackluster and unseasoned. The Truffle Grissini (proscuitto-wrapped breadsticks smeared with truffle butter) were better than expected but overpriced at $6 for a pair. Service was quick but standoffish. Wine menu looks good, and their cheese-wheel pasta looks like something I'd like; I might return for dinner but I'm not in any hurry."
"This location in Tivoli Village has been several different bars over the past few years and nothing seems to stick around too long. PKWY has found success with their Flamingo location, so hopefully they'll manage to break  the pattern by having experience and an established brand.

PROS:
+ Happy Hour, Mon-Fri, 3-6PM, with a late night option too. Discounted apps and drinks FTW.
+ 25% discount for educators, just bring your ID (not including HH).
+ Some patio seating, picnic bench style. Good for nicer weather.
+ Lots of beer promotions and local team decor, plenty of TVs, good spot to watch a game. 

CONS:
- Location is small, odd layout, not really good for groups.
- Other than domestic beers, friends stated drink prices were high. (I don't drink often.)
- Food has been hit or miss over a couple of visits. Love that there are several flavors for wings, as well as a cauliflower option, but nachos had little to no cheese and jalapeno popper egg rolls (which sound amazing!) were served cold on both visits. 

In short, will come back as colleagues plan HH here since it's close to work but I wish it were just a bit better."
"Five stars for the sheep and the view, one star for the massive ant infestation!
Was expecting something a little larger than this: it's essentially a patch of grass, a small playground structure, and some tennis courts with a bench or two, and a ton of sheep. The sheep are the highlight, really.

It's picturesque, until you realize how itchy your ankle is within five minutes of getting out of your car- and you look down and realize there are ants EVERYWHERE. I wasn't in the grass or directly on top of an ant pile, but my BF and I made a mad dash back to our car- shook out our shoes and pants frantically and still found them everywhere. Vicious little things! No wonder no one was here but the goats."
"Everything on the menu except for the sandwiches is overpriced. And the service needs a serious upgrade. For years, the consistency has been the careless staff and quite frankly, the food isn't good enough for me to put up with it more than a few times a year.

Try to call in your take out order, but good luck getting them to pick up the phone.
When you enter, if there's anyone else waiting, beware that you'll probably get ignored by all four employees who will inexplicably assume you are with the other customer- even though you guys walked in separately, minutes apart, and look nothing alike.

Eventually you'll ask someone if you can place an order for takeout, and they'll act irritated that they have to give you a menu. They'll also give you the dinner-only menu that doesn't include the sandwiches, you'll have to ask again for it.

When you finally get to this point, your pita sandwich can be made with falafel, shwarma, koobideh, or a couple other things. The first two are your best bet. Be aware that upgrading your wrapping to laffa will be an extra $2.50. 
$10 and a side of fries is decent for the wrap, which is packed with tahini, cabbage, Israeli salad, and the world's tiniest dab of hummus, but it's hella filling and can easily be your main meal of the day even without the fries.

If you dine in, the all-you-can-eat salad for $3, added on to your meal, is a great deal...but be sure you will actually have room for it. And as others have said, the entire table needs to order it for you to be able to partake- if you're with more than one other person, it likely isn't worth it."
"The poke bowl and sushi burrito trend is crazy popular in Vegas- but Tail & Fin is one of the strongest contenders.  Sure, they've got friendly service, clever menu names (like the Crabby Bastard), and fresh fish like all the others. But they've also got a ridiculous attention to detail, a stellar sauce program, visible and involved ownership, and an adaptability that'll keep them in business even after the trend dies down- menu items like avocado boats (to bring in the low carbers), mochi pops (simple but fun), and sushi tacos (all over social media) make them more than just another sushi burrito place. 

Keep an eye out for a Summerlin location opening soon!"
"I was about to petition the Duke of Chinatown to rename this place Tea of Frustration, after coming by multiple times unable to get my tea: they were cash only for the longest time, then had a car show in the parking lot so I couldn't find a space, and on and on. But happily, I have finally made it in to Tea of Joy and it totally lives up to the name!

Favorite drinks are their house Panda Tea (perfect sweetness!) and Dragon Tea (less milky, more pronounced tea flavor). Their Green Thai Tea is also a treat (add crystal or honey boba!), but I prefer it less sweet. I'm slowly making my way through the menu of fresh-fruit slushes and will eventually move on to foods, too. The macarons are pretty great and I hear their bulgogi fries are bomb!

I will note that the prices are a bit higher than elsewhere in town, but location has larger square footage than most other places, and a family-friendly atmosphere with cute decor and games. The huge covered patio is a plus, essentially doubling their space. On top of all that, the service is very pleasant, with drink suggestions, specials, and the occasional sample."
"If you're one of the people writing a review to say this library is great but you wish it were in a better area of town, sit down. You're missing the point entirely. This library is exactly what it's meant to be: a huge asset to the community in the area. Free wifi, computer usage, community events showcasing the arts, childrens and adult activities, adult skills training, and a treasure trove of books and media. 

I've only been a couple of times, and while their literary selection is expansive (there are three floors of books here!), it's the community events I come for- there is a theater that puts on concerts and performances, with flyers posted in the lobby and promoted on their website. Everything from big band to belly dance to master gardening classes and hula demos, they've got it all. Check out their online calendar (there's often multiple events a day) and come by."
"""#1 Thrift Store in Vegas!"" the signs at the door proclaim. I'm not sure who voted, but I disagree. It's on the seedy part of Charleston, and bags are locked up while you browse and there's a turnstile entrance.  Electronics section is from the 90s, and is behind a locked gate. I'll let you draw your own conclusions.

Selection reminds me of a garage sale, most of stock is dated. They do have a counter area with jewelry and collectibles.  Street parking and lot available. Lots of signage about how items with ""tampered tags"" won't be sold. My dislike for this place is more related to their uncomfortably over-the-top preventative measures than their stock."
"I've driven past this place forever but finally stopped in one day when the Illy Coffee sign caught my eye. Exterior windows have food and hookah photos, and I hoped I'd found a great new coffee and Mediterranean spot.

Approached the door, which was propped open, around 9AM. Inside was dark like a dive bar, and a woman was mopping. Not seeing an open sign or posted hours, I asked if they were open. ""Yeah, but I want to clean right now."" She turned around and kept mopping, totally ignoring me. 

I peered inside wondering if I was supposed to come in and wait for her to help me, but there weren't any lights on or any menus posted or located near the door, or any response from her, verbal or otherwise, about ordering... so I left, confused.

I wrote that visit  off as a bad day but popped in another time and my business was again turned away by staff who had no interest whatsoever in helping me. I have yet to see a menu or any indication that they have food/coffee at all... or any customers, for that matter."
"Pretty solid soul food, saw the same kitchen staff as previous incarnation as Southern Style Eatery, not sure what the name change was about. Maybe management changed, because the food and service are a lot tighter now.

I order takeout here from work every so often, and it's usually ready within a few minutes of when they say. The smothered porkchop is a huge portion, but I didn't care for their gravy and that's what makes or breaks the dish for me. Guess it's a preference thing. I hear friends rave about their fried chicken, but I'm not a huge fan and haven't tried it here.

I tend to stick to their seafood selections, and they've been consistently fresh and well-seasoned. The shrimp and catfish poboys are good choices. Sides of mac, greens, and fries are pretty standard."
"Mr Poke is yet another poke bowl and sushi burrito spot popping up in Vegas. Unfortunately, in an oversaturated market, they're not currently up to par. I realize they're in soft opening and intend this entirely as constructive criticism for management- because your employees can take their time training but it doesn't matter if the food has no flavor.

I ordered two of their signature dishes, the 702 (as a sushi-rrito) and the Sin City (as a bowl). My total was nearly $30 to feed two, which is higher than most other places in town, and the portions were small- the bowl was 3/4 full of rice with maybe a half cup of actual fish, and the burrito just looked skimpy. Both items included a sauce (creamy cilantro and screaming sauce) but I couldn't taste either- it was just chopped fish. I even had to use a soy sauce packet on the burrito because it was so dry!

The location is cute and service was polite, and it was nice that they included a drink and miso soup for their grand opening special, but someone needs to rework the menu and prices, and pump up the sauces, ASAP.  I'm happy to come back and give them another try (especially their tostada bowls for a salad!), but they opened really quickly and clearly still have work to do."
"Found this place through my insurance provider's website- this is the third doc I called to schedule an appointment, but the only one able to schedule me a visit within a reasonable amount of time- two weeks out versus three months, to be specific.

Initial purpose of visit was to renew a prescription for my thyroid medication, which I knew would require blood work. Came in today and left with a prescription to start immediately, documents to take for my blood work at any nearby Quest center, and a follow up set for 3 weeks out. Very decent!

Office staff at front desk was friendly and helpful. Doctor assistant I saw for weight/BP and initial visit conversation was pleasant and personable. Doctor himself came in quickly, was professional with a warm demeanor, and addressed my concerns thoroughly before moving on. 

The most impressive part though, is that  from first walking in and completing initial paperwork, to waiting for a room, taking down my stats, seeing the doc, getting my prescription, and paying/setting my follow up appointment - I was in and out in under 45 minutes."
"Much better experience at this location than the one by UMC on Charleston- went in with a 3:15 appointment and was out by 3:30. Staff was mostly friendly, made small talk and quickly took care of my blood draw. Location clean and neat.

Only turn off was the first employee I encountered, who took one look at me and told another employee ""you're up!"" to take care of me, and then went to talk with another employee even though the lady she told to help me was clearly busy with paperwork. As I left, first employee was in the waiting room watching the TV tuned to Ellen. If this is a pattern for her, perhaps she should be let go.

Props for not wrapping my arm in that god-awful sticky tape that takes two showers to remove the film from my skin."
"I've been hearing both good and not-so-good about this place, but recent rumors that it may be closing prompted a visit with friends during a locals special promotion- managed to sample quite a bit of the menu, experience disinterested service, and nosh on noodles.

SIU MAI: menu has four varieties, tried the scallop and pork and the lamb. Lamb was the favorite at the table, scallop version was overpowered by pork taste with a slight seafood aftertaste. Juicy, cooked well, wouldn't pay $10/6 pieces though.

NOODLES: The Lo Mein, Dan Dan Mian, and Beijing tomato dishes were all tried at our table and each had their own advantages. Lo Mein was my personal favorite due to the chewy texture and tasty sauce, while the Dan Dan could have used more spice to perk it up. The Beijing tomato dish was fairly unique- felt it could have used a more pronounced black garlic flavor by using oil rather than the actual garlic, which was only present in a few bites and used more as a garnish than a flavor-enhancing ingredient.

RICE: Hakka Fried Rice pot was delicious, available in two sizes and made table-side. Tasty combination of flavors and textures made this the standout entree of the table.  Would come here to get this again.

DESSERT: table customized two bowls (one small, one large) of the shaved ice. You select one ice flavor, one syrup, and three toppings including some more unique options like bacon and maldon salt (which I certainly wouldn't pair together). The combinations we put together resulted in an enjoyable confusion for our tastebuds as raspberry ice and honey interacted with perfectly-ripe blueberries in one and the crispy-rice texture dominated in the other dish. Ice texture was perfect but melted very quickly, so do not lollygag around after it arrives.

Overall impression was that the food was decent enough- noodles were tasty, other ingredients were of good quality, but the word 'fusion' is tossed around in many of these reviews and the food simply seems to be an Americanized take on many of the dishes, but that's not necessarily a negative. What IS a negative is the lackadaisical service- our server was polite enough when she was actually around.

NOTES: The menu on their website is outdated. Certain items are no longer offered and prices have raised about $1 per menu item."
"One of the best-quality juiceries in town- the other being Juice Standard. The main differences are packaging and pricing: bottles here are plastic and slightly smaller, as is the price tag ($8 compared to $10+).

Location is well decorated and I have been pleasantly surprised by the quality and taste of product- flavors are balanced, all juices have all ingredients on the bottle, as well as an expiration date sticker.

Favorite green juices is Function, Cleanse is a little bland, Restore contains broccoli- not my thing at all. Beet-based veggie drinks include Roots and Circulate. There are also seasonal features and nut milks, which I didn't expect to like but have really enjoyed.

Service is limited, given that you're picking up a pre-made product, but some employees are light years better than others- I like when they offer suggestions or point out what's new in stock, but occasionally you get the guy who  doesn't say two words during the entire transaction. Wish I felt comfortable sitting in their cozy living room area, but it's really more of a grab and go place.

REQUESTS: I would love it if they'd add a punch-card system for discounts, or offer some sort of deal when you purchase several juices at once. Buy 10, get one free? 20% off when you buy six or more? I'm open to ideas, but some sort of loyalty program should be implemented.  And if they could make the nutrition available for each of their juices available online, I'd be even happier!"
"I didn't even know about this location til a friend planned holiday meal here for a group- I'm a regular at the Lake Mead location, and was pleasantly surprised by the spacious and more formal interior here. The open grill area where the pita bread is made is a nice touch, too! Unfortunately, the service marred our festive gathering.

The flaming presentation of the Saganaki app set the bar high for food expectations but everything was downhill from there. Menu  is pretty standard- being familiar with their dishes, I know what I like and chose accordingly. The falafel wrap is my usual go-to, and this time I switched it up for the pom chicken and it was flavorful. I sampled friends' orders and the Mama Mia chicken (with goat cheese and balsamic) was tasty, but I did not care for the various pasta dishes, the sauces just did not taste right. Also, most components of the Mediterranean Medley app were off (hummus was bland, babaghanouj had a strange texture, hummus was thin and watery, and dolmas tasted plain).

Most of us enjoyed our food, but man. The service. It seems they are incapable of handling a large (10 person?) group. This was a classic example of why I hate autograt for groups- our server was polite enough when she was around but was less than attentive and repeatedly needed to be flagged down for the basics, like placing orders, correcting orders, address billing issues, etc. The bare minimum was not met. 

We interacted with the manager, who was also initially friendly, but even when he stepped in to help with billing, it was still a disaster: unable to honor a discount (several military in our group), unable to split the bill appropriately, that ridiculous autograt in light of the whole fiasco, several excuses and a bunch of time-wasting, and a general lack of capability. It took literally half an hour to resolve, and it only ended because one friend just put it all on their card and took cash and IOUs from everyone else. Generous, but ridiculous that it was warranted! And it wasn't just us- a third-party food delivery person came in, had an issue, spoke with the manager, and then knocked over a holiday display in anger as he left. I'll stick to the Lake Mead location."
"Dapper Donut is a tiny spot to get tiny donuts for a (relatively) tiny price in the Underground area of MGM. Perfect for a treat when you're running early (am I the only one who does that?) to an event or when your friends are perpetually running late to meet you (insert hard side eye here).

The 6 piece is $6 and the 'nuts are light and made fresh to order. The cinnamon sugar flavor is often recommended by the staff, but I most recently tried PBJ, Nutella Dream, and Turtle. They were all pretty tasty but I wish they had grape for the PBJ rather than just reusing the strawberry syrup (previous photos show real strawberries on the ND?). Flavors with a sauce drizzle and a sprinkle for texture seem to be the best bang for your buck (turtle, strawberry bella, smores). 

NOTE: The 6 piece is currently only available in 2 flavors per new policy. If you're polite they may still do 3, so you and a friend can try a few each. So be nice!"
"Normally when I think of getting food from a hookah place, I think of overpriced options of mediocre quality: that is so NOT the case here. I don't smoke but was intrigued by their online menu. 

For just under $30, you can get a gigantic shwarma wrap and an order of schnitzel.
The wrap is huge. It's like a Mediterranean take on a burrito, packed with meat, some red cabbage and salad, and a bit of hummus for good measure. You also have an option for mayo, but I don't know why on earth you'd do that. It's fan-frickin'-tastic.
The schnitzel was my BF's pick: two thin-pounded, crispy cutlets, with two sides, for a filling portion of fresh food at $14. Not bad at all!

Side options include fries, onion rings, rice, red cabbage salad, white cabbage salad, Mediterranean chopped salad, egg salad,or cole slaw. Red and white cabbage salad are both pretty similar to coleslaw and the chopped salad is fresh and tasty.

Staff were super friendly and my order was ready very quickly. It's a bit of a drive for me, but I'm working it into my regular rotation for weekend lunches!"
"I've been a long time fan of Yonaka, and when I heard they had a spin-off business I got worried. It seems like everyone in town thinks they can hop on the poke bowl trend, from Soho to Izakaya Go. I should have known Yonaka wouldn't sell out, they're way too classy for that. 

Purple Potato offers something different: special order bowls! Raw sushi-grade ahi is one of their available proteins, but they primarily offer a robust variety of veggies and healthy proteins in pre-set flavor combos or DIY options. The Umami has a bit of Asian flare with an awesome sesame orange miso dressing (made in house), while the Darma goes Greek with olives, feta, and hummus. I love the fresh, healthy menu, with good portions and quality ingredients. They get bonus points for including the calorie counts on the preset options!
There are also snacks, sides, sweets, and beverages to add on to your order, from the classic crispy brussels sprouts to dessert puddings and granola protein bars. They even offer aguas frescas in bizzare but wonderful flavor combinations, like strawberry thyme and cucumber lemongrass. Their playful experimentation with flavors is a key characteristic they carry over from Yonaka.

Order through their app and get a discount on your first order. They are currently operating out of Yonaka rather than in a dedicated space. They offer delivery, pickup, and catering, and dine-in on select days (Tues-Sat?) during lunch hours."
"It's lovely to have a local wine bar with the selection found here- the meals put out by the kitchen are creative and fresh, and the business is frequently on Groupon and I like getting a deal. It's also conveniently located to my work.

Grape Street is a wine bar slash restaurant slash wine shop, with bottles available for purchase, a full menu with HH specials Tues-Fri 3PM-6PM, and plenty of featured wines available by the glass, bottle, and flight- Monday nights there's even a by-the-bottle discount.

The Unique Whites and Syrah flights each include three generous tastings of complementary wines- one of the whites was out, and they subbed in a sauvignon blanc that was one of the cleanest and most refreshing I've tasted! 

Opted for the baked brie appetizer based on reviews here and though it was cooked correctly and well-flavored with carmelized onions and the crunch of hazelnuts, the flavors were a little overpowered by the sweetness of the apricot preserves- as a snack to go with some wine, it worked, but flavors were not to my particular fancy.
Several lunch specials available, the cream of mushroom soup of the day has an awesome Thai twist to the flavor (one of the more inventive ones I've tried), and the selection of herbal teas is large. 

I applaud the service here, they've mastered the art of being available but not being overbearing, so you are free to have your own conversation with friends and wine without constant interruptions or upselling. The bathroom also is quite inventive with a warehouse style sliding door - nice decor."
"This teacher loves recess... AKA, Happy Hour at PS702! I dig the school theme, which carries throughout the restaurant décor (math flashcards clipped up around the bar) and menu (shareable portions are in a section called ""study group""). They're a theme restaurant without being tacky about it.

FARRO & BRUSSELS SPROUTS SALAD: surprisingly filling, this could be a late lunch. The sweet curry vinaigrette is interesting and there are a lot of contrasting textures.
CRISPY CAULIFLOWER: The breading is super-thin and slightly spicy, with buffalo and bleu dipping sauces, served in a mini cast iron skillet. One of the better versions I've had, not greasy!
PARM-TRUFFLE FRITES: You know you want them. They smell great, but let's get real, everyone has fancy fries these days, right? These come with a spicy ketchup and lemon aioli. Get 'em.
SPECK & EGGS: Another dish everyone has, with the PS touch adding crispy prosciutto and a kick of spice.  Nicely creamy filling.
CRISPY AHI TUNA TACOS: You can't go wrong with ahi. Tiny wonton shells filled with avocado and ahi, lightly dressed in ponzu. One of the lighter options, pairs well with the salad above.
PB&J SLIDERS: The dish I was most excited about and the only one I was underwhelmed by. Menu only states ""blackberry habanero jam with smoked bacon"" and for some reason my eyes interpreted the word ""slider"" as a mini sandwich, most likely heated, on a thick challa-style bread. It's actually 3 typical sliders (mini patty and bun) with the two condiments gracelessly smeared on. With less PB and more J, this might have been palatable but dry beef + sticky PB = Nope.

All of this, with a beer and tip, for ~$40 can easily feed three. Service was awesome when it was around, bar staff were constantly busy to the point of being overwhelmed. Our server apparently went home altogether, and after nearly half an hour of waiting around to close our tab, Kourtnie kindly took care of us. 

Not sure I'd come back outside of recess hours, but it's definitely fun. The food is approachable with some innovative twists rather than the standard safe staples I expected."
"Meraki blew my mind. There are plenty of Greek options in Vegas, but I'm used to having to truck to Henderson for the best options. Not any more! 

The signature bowl is amazing: huge portion of greek salad, your choice of grain, add on your protein. The grilled shrimp is perfectly seasoned and your carb choice includes quinoa as an option! I challenge you to finish this meal in a single sitting, it isn't possible. Is there such as thing as too much healthy deliciousness? This comes close. Their desserts are divine and you should always grab an order of spanakopita, even if you don't have room for it in your belly, because it reheats just fine. 

But food alone doesn't make a restaurant great. The level of service at this fast-casual spot is ridiculous. They make suggestions as you order, bring you refills despite the self-serve drink station, check on you repeatedly, and make friendly conversation- all this in a clean, modern setting with potted flowers on each table. I already can't wait to go back!"
"I recently moved and this Einstein's is now my closest location. I'm a member of their Schmear Society (loyalty club) and get discounts fairly often. I've come by to pick up a bulk order for a morning meeting as well as to redeem coupons.

This location has a tiny parking lot that can get pretty hectic but the inside is consistently clean and the staff are calm and laid back- maybe a bit too much so, as waits here are longer than I've experienced at my previous go-to location. No issues with orders so far, and I appreciate that they have covered patio seating available."
"The ""aesthetics"" hashtag is in full effect here, from the hanging pallet swing seating to the pink neon ""breathe"" sign when you enter and the lofted seating area above. Happily, this place is more than just looks! 

They have an extensive juice program, with knowledgeable staff, customized cleanses, and samples. Their coffee is Vittoria beans, which is a light but strong roast, and several nondairy milks are available. Their chef trained at a specialty vegan program in Spain, and their limited food items are incredible- start with the beautiful all-organic acai bowl and then move on to their raw cheesecakes, chia puddings, and high-protein desserts.

All this attention to detail comes at a price, though. The produce is organic and the eats are plant-based and cruelty-free, so they're not just gouging you for the sake of being exclusive, but they have a commitment to quality ingredients. I'm happy to see HOA in this particular plaza, surrounded by (multiple!) gyms where it where it's health-centric offerings will be appreciated!"
"Good midweek room rates for locals for a staycation! Rooms are surprisingly quiet, and the showers are swanky. I like how you can legitimately spend an entire weekend here with all of the good dining and entertainment options, and can either stick to a budget (several HH specials) or go all out (steaks, Celine, and a shopping spree?!). They use the Total Rewards membership, so don't forget your card.

Parking can be a little tricky- the garage is a bit of a maze (as is the property itself TBH), and on weekends it's been known to fill up completely even during the daytime. It's one of the best-known Strip properties for a reason (and not just because it was featured in The Hangover), and I like how the crowd trends a bit older and more mature here."
"PROS:
+ Open 24/7
+ Friendly and polite staff 
+ In and out within half an hour, YMMV based on how busy they are

CONS:
- A bit outdated and rundown
- Actual doctor was somewhat less than professional, but he was fast"
"I've been to Bottiglia twice and my most recent visit really impressed! Service from Zack was great, the patio is gorgeous for the weather we're having, and most of the food was delicious. Add in that they have a free glass of wine with Yelp check in, dollar oysters on Tuesday, and a decent HH menu, and I am down to return regularly!

First visit was for a networking happy hour event and the small bites didn't impress but the space was gorgeous. Yelp reviews were mixed, I had no urgency to return until I saw their National Pasta Day promo for half-off pasta dishes. Made reservations with two friends and spent a couple hours sipping and noshing.

The apps are solid, from the bread plate with a sweet honey butter to the gorgeous charcuterie plate we got (burrata with double bresaola and truffle honey FTW!). The oysters were super fresh, too. The meatballs from the HH menu were the only thing that underwhelmed, great texture but not as much flavor in the meat or sauce, but they have strong competition next door for this dish.

Moving on to the pastas! Don't sleep on the side of Carbonara Mac & Cheese, which was a hit at our table. The creamy cheese sauce sticks to the trumpet-shaped campanelle pasta well, and the guanciale-bacon combo packs a punch of flavor. If you choose to go with a meat/seafood main, this still lets you get your carb fix. As for the pasta entrees, the Shrimp Puttanesca was decent and meaty with a hearty sauce, a touch of heat, and tons of shrimp. Unfortunately, the veal ravioli was extremely bland and the sauce was broken. Per menu description, there was allegedly truffle cream involved and ricotta inside, but our trio detected none of those flavors. Zack helpfully asked to switch out this dish, but we declined.

Overall, I was pleased with this redeeming visit, but the various discounts and promotions surely helped. Looking forward to a revisit for the pappardelle bolognese and the octopus app.

TIP: If you missed out on National Pasta Day, they're running similar discounts in early November!"
"Chose to spend my birthday with Gordon Ramsay this year- dined with my BF and his father, in town for the holiday weekend. Food was satisfactory, some items were much better than others; service wasn't quite on par with restaurant price point or reputation.

BREAD PLATE: Best start to a meal, ever. Three different varieties (lemon herb focaccia, a cinnamon roll-looking thing with prosciutto, and a crispy baguette-slice that tasted like straight-up cheese). All served with the best butter I've ever had, with black sea salt. Breads in order of deliciousness.

FRENCH ONION SOUP: Skippable. Bouchon's is way better. This one has virtually no cheese but is quite rich, consistency more similar to a gravy than a soup. Very scant amount of onions in the bottom, mostly broth in our two orders.

AMERICAN KOBE BEEF SLIDERS: Hyped for a reason, they're delicious. Cheese taste could be more pronounced but quality of meat was the star of this dish. Motivating me to hit up BurGR sooner than I'd planned.

BONE IN RIB EYE: Large portion, great flavor, ordered medium due to table preferences but would have been much better medium-rare. Great crust, plated with a sauce that added just a bit of extra something to it.

BEEF WELLINGTON: Had to try this at least once, underwhelmed. The pate didn't really complement the beef, quality of meat seemed lower in this dish than in others but glad I tried it. Least favorite dish of the night, actually.

BEEF SHORTRIBS: Star of the night! Meaty, falling apart, packed a punch of flavor, plated with an amazing gravy sauce with mushrooms and spinach. Would definitely get this again, highly recommend.

LOADED BAKED POTATO SIDE: Roughly the size of a football, too salty for me to really enjoy but the gouda was delicious and BF's dad really enjoyed it.

MAC AND CHEESE: Shut the front door. This is my new favorite mac dish. I ate almost the entire dish, and I'll take the over on it being worth 5K calories. Worth it, see you at the gym! Didn't expect the peas in this dish but surprisingly didn't mind them.

STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING: Another obligatory purchase, but this one was totally wroth it. I'm not a dessert person but this was downright decadent, delicious cake with toffee sauce and a fabulously light but flavorful ice cream. Bonus points for plating it with a candle for my special day.

DRINKS: Interactive drink menu is on an iPad, underwhelmed by the cocktails but the Justin Paso Robles wine will go with absolutely any of the beef dishes here. If you're in more of a beer mood, the Oskar Blues Old Chub ""Knightro"" is flipping amazing.

SERVICE: As I said, the service wasn't quite on par with the price point or reputation of the restaurant. Two drink orders were missed, and despite having an assistant helping out our server it seemed as if we were largely ignored for portions of the evening. Water levels, wait times, and such were not paid as much attention as expected.

SEATING & DECOR: Highly recommend getting a booth seat next to the kitchen to be able to see the prep station, added extra level of entertainment. Cool bar set in a tube, red lighting fixture based on the arm motions to create GR's famous dessert, small touches that made this place stand apart. Side note, there are easily eight hostesses in black mesh club wear? Awkward costumes, entirely too many bodies in the front of the restaurant."
"Decent shopping plaza with mostly higher end shopping and dining. I've tried two restaurants here and been underwhelmed both times, and other than the Charming Charlies, the boutiques here are overpriced and very hit or miss.

It's an attractive shopping area, and parking garage lets you access the store via escalator, but there's nothing here to make me want to visit particularly often.

Cool design, trendy feel, but needs some better businesses to anchor it and bring in traffic."
"Stellar buffet. I hear it's only second to Bacchanal, but I honestly don't know where they could have improved. Line was relatively quick, price was the same as the Carnival buffet at the Rio (~$32 per person for dinner on a weeknight).

Stand out items here:
Prime rib, as rare as they'll let you have it, freakin amazing!
 the pesto mashed potatoes
Kobe beef- but its difficult to cut with the butter knife you're provided with, as others have said
The caramelized onions, on absolutely anything or by themselves
Tuna and salmon sashimi with the seaweed salad
Creamed spinach (definitely a surprise) 
potato soup- it's like delicious velvet!
Chocolate dome dessert

The only cuisine I did not see represented here was middle eastern/persian- how hard would it be to put out some pita bread and hummus, kalamata olives, and maybe some kabobs or a schwarma dish? I'd love to see what they could do with that type of food.

I saw foods mentioned in other reviews that I did not find during my visit, such as caviar and chilean sea bass, that I would be interested in trying. Buffets aren't really my thing, but with comp cards or local ID it's relatively affordable here, and definitely worthwhile. Don't pass it up if you get the opportunity!"
"My first visit to Vegas, I stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton- this was way before the thought of living here ever even entered my reality. Two name-changes later, this spot is so similar I can intuitively find everything on property, it feels like absolutely no time has passed- particularly in the sports book, which is still broadcasting in SD.

Location is pretty spread-out. On-site gym has been replaced by a tattoo lounge and relocated upstairs to a smaller space (still outdated). Self-park is a large, spread out maze. The on-site Pizza Hut and donut shop are now closed (not a welcoming sight entering from the parking lot). Definitely a budget option for vacationers.

The close-to-Strip convenience and the monorail are the only main benefits to staying here. Most recent addition to this casino is their Elvis exhibit- with a whopping $25 entry fee and few to no discounts available. It will probably be another few years before I stay here again."
"Cheba Hut is a stoner-friendly sandwich shop from Arizona, now premiering their first Vegas valley location at Sahara and Rainbow. You don't have to get toasted to enjoy your meal, but there are multiple dispensaries in the same plaza. Staff are friendly and outgoing, making multiple recommendations and walking visitors through the menu (including sandwich sizes). Surprisingly, they also have an indoor/outdoor bar featuring unique and local brews. 

Aside from the cannabis-influenced decor and sandwich names, CH is known for their baked goods (get it?): their bread is ""legendary"" and they stock ""munchies"" at the register including rice crispies (in Captain Crunch and Fruity Pebble flavors) and various other sweet, snacky treats. Their garlic herb (heh) bread is pretty solid and pairs well with their Apollo 13 sando, with Greek flavors of grilled chicken, spring mix, salad dressing, cucumbers, tomato, red onion, and feta. I'd add some other melty cheese to this in the future. For bonus points, they have several vegetarian sandwiches!

I'm not the hugest fan of their open-face serving, the sandwiches seem to have less toppings than other places, but the prices are fair for the portion."
"There are tons of poke bowl places in town now, and this one didn't do it for me. Despite the name, they do have some pre-set bowl and burrito combos rather than an all DIY concept. I tried their namesake DIY Specialty Bowl and the ingredients didn't really work well together and didn't seem all that fresh. Pricing is high for the portion compared to other similar businesses, but there's also a ton of rice resulting in less toppings. Service was friendly and location is spacious, but if I'm wanting a poke bowl in the area, there are other options I'd pick first."
"I'm a fan of the company- have gone out of my way to get my bras here for the past three years, despite the fact that they don't have as many locations as other shops. The service and product quality typically make it more than worth the extra effort. After my experience at this location though, I might stick to the online shop in the future.

Ordered online during a sale and bought 3 bras for just under $93. Came in to exchange for correct sizing. Was helped by a polite lady, who then had difficulty ringing me up. Another associate stepped in to help, and declared that my ""new"" total was $93. When I asked them to double check that my credit had been applied, New Associate tried to imply that the price increase was due to my switching to another bra style with a higher price tag-- high enough to make me double the price? Staff seemed unsure how to exchange my purchase, or else were deliberately trying to return and re-charge me full price for my exchanged products (probably to meet a daily sales goal). It literally took around 15 minutes for me to be correctly cashed out. I'm not sure how that happens, and why I had to point out that it was not correct.

Product is great. Staff can be great. But I get way less hassles ordering online. Sign up for their email newsletter for sale alerts and the occasional discount or panty freebie."
"This place is odd. Business-wise, they need to do some major overhauling- location is poor, setup is odd, service is lackluster, and that damn sign outside is tacky as hell. (EDIT: they have since removed it, hallelujah!) 
Which is a shame, because this place is great: menu is extensive, sushi is fresh and tasty, and even without the sake special it's well-priced and good value.

Now for the food:
CRAZY EEL ROLL- phenomenal. Giant portion, eel is perfectly cooked, ingredients all work well together. $11, good price for what you receive. Favorite of the night.
PINK ROLL- also good, tons of fresh tuna and salmon, both of which are super fresh and cut thick. Also well priced, think it was a $8-9 roll.
SPIDER ROLL- good presentation, artfully arranged on plate. The crab tasted the slightest bit off, though I blame the batter not the freshness of the fish itself. BF really enjoyed this one.
ALASKA ROLL- This is sushi comfort food to me, salmon and cream cheese are perfect together. Sad they didn't have green onions to add. Surprised they don't keep it in the kitchen for other dishes, and confused because the picture shows the roll topped with shredded onion.
LASAGNA ROLL- not for us, at all. I'm not a fan of baked rolls, but have heard others rave about this one and never tried it. Warm cream cheese is just not my thing, wish we would have just sent this back and had it taken off our check. Did not like at all.

Service was decent and prices are good value- fresh and tasty sushi with great prices. There are only 2 rolls over $11. BF and I spent $60 on the above, plus miso soups for both of us and one free carafe of sake, and had plenty of leftovers."
"Chef Oscar's Vaca Saltada bocata was love at first bite: succulent braised beef topped with gooey manchego, brightened up with red onion and spicy yellow chili-mayo. The tender, juicy meat is comforting and delicious, well-balanced with the other ingredients, packed into a sturdy fresh-baked roll. Praise calling this ""the best food truck ever"" are not overstated. Boqueria Street is the real deal, bringing Spanish street food to the food truck followers of Las Vegas. They are well worth hunting down, driving out of your way, and rearranging your schedule. The food lives up to the hype and then some!

Other standout menu items include the classic Jamon Serrano bocata with ham, mozzarella, and truffle mushrooms. The patatas bravas always make a great side with a zesty sauce and green onions, and are a generous portion for the $5 price tag. The croquetas are not always available, so get them if you see them- they're as tasty as the version served in a shoe on the Strip, at a fraction of the price.

Truly a menu with something for everyone. If you don't do pork products, there's the Pollo (chicken) bocata. There's a veggie roll that can be vegan-ized. Even pescatarians have the Gambas shrimp appetizer. And those are just the regular menu items! Each time I've found the BS truck, they have several featured special items, too. 

Though they may ""just"" be a food truck, the attention to detail and quality of product they put out is easily comparable to what is available at brick and mortar options. The exterior is pristine, with ambiance added by bistro tables topped with small plants for a dining area. Chef Oscar and his assistant are always armed with a smile and, if you ask nicely, a sample of jamon iberico!"
"Well the stupid part of the name is right. Most of the stuff here is dumb but funny. Think gag gifts, good for white elephant parties or stocking stuffers. The selection is kind of entertaining to browse but it's pretty obvious most people don't actually make a purchase. The fun socks and onesies are a cool section, but otherwise it's a lot of junk. If you're in the NYNY/Park area it might be a quick fun stop to browse but I'm surprised they've managed to stay open."
"Fresh-Mex with a healthy slant. Located inside of the District, prices are predictably higher than your local taco truck, but the quality is also better. Located next to the splash pad, MGT is a good spot to get a bite while your kids are cooling off.

The Me Gusta Bowl with quinoa or a Black Bean Salad are both solid, healthy options with fresh slices of avocado- I prefer to add protein to mine, either Kalbi or Asada. At $3.50/ea I thought the tacos were just okay, heads up that the fish taco includes a wasabi sour cream whose flavor took me a bit by surprise. Most orders are served with a small side of fresh tortilla chips, which is much appreciated over the whole basket served elsewhere, that I always overdo and regret. 

Attention to detail is a theme here. Even if you dine outside, staff will come out to check on you throughout your meal. The salsas are kept fresh and cool inside a mini-fridge rather than open and exposed on a traditional salsa bar. Don't forget the aguas frescas! Next time, I'm definitely getting an extra one to go."
"Chuchote has nailed the trifecta: great food, attentive service, and pretty presentation. People eat with their eyes first, and when everyone these days snaps photos of their food, the social media marketing is a huge benefit to small family-run restaurants like this. Chuchote stands out by having a strong traditional vibe and several southern Thailand specialties on their menu.

Start with their handmade samosas or a refreshing drink with longan or lychee, then bring on the spice! Their curries are solid, with the pumpkin being a favorite. Get this with fried tofu for more texture, 'cause the silky, spicy sauce doesn't need to be overwhelmed by added protein. Their noodle dishes like Drunken Noodle and Pad Thai are on point, with balanced flavors, chewy noods, and crisp, fresh, vegetables. Venturing to the specialties portion of the menu, the Ka Nom Jean Nam Ha Pla (a flavorsome fish ball curry) is served with fresh noodles and raw vegetables and is a textural adventure for your whole mouth. Their portions are ample enough that I still have yet to try any of their desserts. 

TIP: Order takeout through the Yelp app with Eat24!"
"Even though this place is popular with tourists-in-the-know, don't be surprised if the whole restaurant turns around to watch you and your gringa friend get seated. This location is so much better than the one on the west side that they're virtually nothing alike aside from menu.

The shrimp empanadas are the main reason we came here, and they're the bomb- large pockets stuffed with shrimp or cheese, definitely a must-order item. I only wish they had shrimp AND cheese, the best of both worlds. The oysters preparadas (topped with ceviche) are another solid app to start with, super fresh and heaped with shrimp. The ceviches (the mixta is my favorite!) are also available as whole orders or on tostadas, which are better if you're dining solo. The rest of the menu is pages of plates with fish, shrimp, and fajitas prepared several different ways. 

Service is really friendly, though it may take a while to place an order because they are so busy. Daniel is great, request him if you can. If you go on a weekend, be sure to dine inside so you can hear the bandas and mariachis."
"It's A-OK, not my favorite spot to grab groceries, whether Asian-specific, located in Chinatown, or otherwise. I don't come here often, and when I do I'm more likely to try strange, cool finds in the aisles than staples in the produce/meat section.

They have a large seafood area with some fresh options and a lot of frozen. They consistently have large, cheap salmon steaks ($4.99/lb) and salmon belly, but their beef/pork cuts can be inconsistent. While all meat items I've purchased have been fresh, I am hesitant to buy when the area smells rotten. The main bonus is that the fish can be fried on-site like at my favorite California markets, making dinner super simple (and very affordable), but I have yet to actually take advantage due to the odor.

Produce section is large, fairly well organized, and well priced- I come here for fresh herbs under $2, along with some melons, mushrooms, and greens. As Antonia's review mentions, the Napa cabbage here is always bruised and wilted.  Overall though, produce is decent but this isn't my go-to place for it."
"IG has been blowing up with great shots of CRAFTKitchen's new Friday-exclusive ""happy hour"" menu. The curated list of savory, sharable dishes warranted a group visit because everything sounded so good. Eight of us ordered and shared the majority of the menu, including all four dessert options plus a stop by the pastry case on our way out the door. Go big or go home, right?

HITS: You can't miss the cheese plate. Great price, great selection, the bleu with walnuts was my favorite cheese but they were all thoughtfully selected and played nicely against each other. The smoked wings have a great presentation and are full of flavor. Pretzels and beer cheese are amazing, and the order is so huge you'll have to share it even if you don't want to. I hogged the Manila Clams for myself, with pork and a great white wine broth I wanted to drink like soup! The Grilled Artichoke dish was small but tender and well-executed with a great roasted garlic aioli that it didn't need but was wonderful nonetheless.

IF YOU HAVE ROOM: Almost everything we had was stellar but if you can't order everything, prioritize what's above. Otherwise, order the Bone Marrow, because duh, it's bone marrow. Fun presentation. CK Meatballs were moist with a robust sauce and ample ricotta. The Chopped Crunchy Salad has an amazing green goddess dressing that made it stand out from the Beet Salad and Heirloom Tomato Salad of the ""healthy"" / vegetarian options. The tempura shrimp was nice and light, bed of shredded lettuce underneath makes this passable as a salad for solo-diners. The Fried Polenta Sticks had great texture but I thought I'd like them more than I actually did. Perhaps by that point I was already overwhelmed by everything else I'd tried.

DESSERTS: Yes, this warrants a separate category. There's an affogato and a nice creme brulee available, but you really want to go for the Mason Jar Magic Bar and/or the Sticky Toffee Cake (in that order). The jar is layered with tons of textures and flavors, as if you're straight-up raiding the chocolate aisle or your mom's baking cabinet. It works! The cake in the STC was nice but I was missing the robust sticky toffee elements that originally made me gravitate toward this option.

Chef Jaret and the staff at CK are doing some great things here in Henderson! Looking forward to more visits to try the couple of things I missed (hello, CK burger!) and maybe try one of their pairing meals for a date night."
"I'm so thrilled that this spot has opened! Initially conceived as a counter at the T-Mobile Arena, chef's house-made bao stuffed with fusion flavors were a handheld hit with game-going friends. Thankful I'm able to indulge myself in their expanded menu in their cute and kitschy corner shop without shelling out for a ticket.

Menu is surprisingly varied for their fast-casual concept, with the signature bao, entrees, rice and noodle dishes, sides and vegetables. I went for a quick solo lunch shortly after opening and splurged for the scallion pancakes (great texture but a touch too salty), their truffle prawn & crab rice rolls (pretty presentation!) and a trio of bao- Szechuan beef, kung pao, and the Royale with Cheese (and a dipping sauce). My lunch was around $30 and I left full thanks to all the carbs. Food came out as ready, a touch slow, but they'd just opened.

There is a good variety of shareable dishes on the menu that makes this a good group spot. I plan to return to try the dumplings and basil-basil chow fun. Special shout out to the cashier and food runner, who was super friendly and checked up on me during and after my meal- such a great personable touch."
"I have found my new favorite breakfast meal: the Smoked Salmon Benedict! Portion is huge and flavors are on point. Muffin base, tons of salmon, poached egg, add spinach, red onion, and capers, and top it all off with hollandaise. It tastes even better than it looks, and I ate way more than my stomach could comfortably hold just because it was so tasty. The home style potatoes with peppers and onions went really well with this and the excess sauce on the plate. When I come back, it's going to be hard to take a chance ordering anything else!

The Chile Verde Omelet was a less successful dish for us, but I'm eyeing the Chicken Enchilada version for next time. Note that you can substitute pancakes for your side of toast for just a buck- and theirs are made with a sweet cream buttermilk and they're good even eaten plain. I love that their coffee cups are so large, so we didn't need to look around for refills. Service was attentive and genuinely friendly, will be coming back soon for more."
"PROS:
+ Menu has both sushi burritos and poke bowls as well as Hawaiian plate lunch meals and bbq. Feeding a family just got easier.
+ Location is convenient, both to my work and for you to pop by next door for dessert at Bover!
+ Free potstickers with Yelp check in and purchase of entree.
+ Service was really friendly and food has been pretty fresh, customization options available.
+ Recommend the Silly Lilly sushi burrito, add avocado.

CONS:
- Prices are a touch higher than they should be, others mention portions seem a little smaller than expected. Order above was $14 with tax/tip. 
-  They go a little heavier on the sauces than I prefer, burrito was a little soggy even after stopping them from adding more sauce.
- Primarily a takeout space with only three small tables, so plan ahead.
- Parking lot gets extremely busy during lunch/dinner, consider the lot to the right of the entrance."
"Sunday is all-day Happy Hour for food and drinks- that's reason enough to give this place a try. Grab a cheap, light lunch here between stops browsing the shops in Boca Fashion Village with some friends. 

HH eats menu has several sushi rolls half-off and a list of others priced at $6/each- opted for the BAMA ROLL (crab mix, cream cheese, jalapeño, tuna, avocado, soy paper, spicy motoyaki sauce), which I enjoyed and the VOODOO ROLL (spicy crawfish mix, avocado, habanero tuna mix, smelt roe), which was both falling apart and had unbalanced flavors. 
Would come back with a group to try more of the HH menu, but the sushi options here seem to be hit or miss based on this and vague prior visits- nothing in particular stands out. The macadamia nut chicken is a tasty dish if you're in the mood for a non-seafood entrée.

Interior is a little swanky, seating available at the sushi bar, alcohol bar, or patio, as well as regular indoor seating. Service is friendly and dishes have nice presentation. Not sure I'd return outside of HH times though."
"I came to EBB with some friends for a birthday HH celebration. The photos of the trash can nachos and a few friends' positive reviews were what led me to suggest this place. While we had a good time and service was friendly, unfortunately the food does not live up to the expectation set by it's owner being the self-proclaimed Mayor of Flavortown.

The HH menu is small- the ""nachitos"" are $8, add on fee for protein. On Thursdays they have tacos on special, if $6/street taco is considered some sort of great deal. Even the HH margs are priced in the double-digits, which is surprising even for a casino- even more so considering this one is not actually located on the Strip. But whatever.

The complimentary chips and salsa are slow to come out, but the strip-shaped chips are nicely seasoned. Unfortunately the fire-roasted salsa only has a tiny kick of spice. The trash can nachos were just okay- not quite what was expected, but in the layers where the toppings really melted together they were best. I stuck to the chips and guac, which was fresh and smooth. My friends tried some tacos but weren't impressed by anything but the price tag. The margaritas are huge though, and nearly everyone at the bar had one."
"It's gotta be a law somewhere that every casino has required to have a spot to grab hot coffee to start the day. Java Vegas is the one at the Orleans, and it's hidden by the valet entrance/exit around the side of the building.

I was disappointed to see that this spot brews Starbucks coffee, a company I've avoided patronizing for years. The vanilla iced coffee I received was sooo milky, it had barely any coffee flavor. Super disappointing, especially considering it was one of their promoted drinks. 

Service was polite, line moved quickly. They have a pastry case with fresh fruit and yogurt, some of the only healthy options available in this casino. They had a featured breakfast sandwich and burrito for under $5/ea, which is surprisingly good pricing."
"I recently moved in with my guy and we have become regulars here. I never knew how much he enjoyed home improvement projects until we had a home to improve together! He basically refers to this place as his version of the toy store, and our purchases here are all over the place- storage containers, paint/stain, plants, etc. Pricing is competitive with what I find online, so we are just as likely to hop in the car and come here to avoid waiting for an item to ship.

The one constant, from the lumber area to the paint department, is the lack of service. There are staff, they're around, but they're not actively helping customers or asking how you're doing like the spot with the orange logo. If you have questions or need something, you'll probably get an answer or some help, but you have to hunt down the person first. I guess I'm used to the friendlier guys at the place on Rainbow."
"I'm not a huge donut fan, but Donut Bar's funky treats are hard to turn down- their DTLV location and available-til-sold-out hours make an actual visit fairly rare for me, but I've come across their donuts at various events and on appreciation tables at work pretty regularly. 

I've enjoyed the Salted Caramel, Mexican Hot Chocolate, Blood Orange and Creme Brulee donuts, while the  Big Poppa Tart makes a good one to share, huge and stuffed with an actual Pop Tart and likely several days worth of sugar. I tried the Matcha on a recent visit and it was okay, small and not too sweet, but the Strawberry Split has my heart- fresh fruit, whipped cream, photogenic and shareable! Eventually I need to go back for the Caramel Latte donut and their Grilled Cheese.

TIP: Go early and check their online menu to be sure they have what you want, selection varies daily."
"Upstairs in Chinatown Plaza is this seafood-centric spot, which shares it's space with Pho Vietnam. Considering seafood is their forte (allegedly), I expected a bit better. Menu options include fish, shellfish, crab, squid, shrimp, and even sea cucumber- basically everything that comes from the sea, plus options that don't (beef, chicken, pork).

I had a killer craving for salt and pepper shrimp (labeled here as House Special Shrimp) and found them perfectly crispy, with tons of fried green onion and jalapeno, but the actual shrimp itself was less salty and less peppery than other, more flavorful versions I've had in town.
We also got the sautéed spinach, add garlic, and found it to be tasty- comparable to the baby bok choy dish at Ichiza, except with spinach and a slightly less robust sauce. Dish was tasty but a bit gritty, as if it hadn't been adequately rinsed.

Service was typical for Chinatown plaza- you order, you receive your food, and you have to hunt them down for anything else."
"Had a slightly better experience here than at their other location further up Rainbow. What I tasted wasn't worth seeking out, and the service is a little dismal. Dated corner space in a busy plaza needs a facelift and better service to get in more business.

Lunch specials available even after the 3PM cut off time, reasonable prices. Signage says they also sell street dogs Fri-Sat-Sun, which may be something trying.

Pizza crust is crisp on the bottom with a good chew, but cheese tastes plain and cheap. I usually just grab a slice special but it's only out of convenience, the quality here isn't very high. The dinner salad side is fresh and well-sized though."
"Mint's new west side location is doing things right: with a buffet for lunch and a la carte and demo dinner options for evening, there's a lot more going on here than your typical Indian restaurant! 

BUFFET: Lunch buffet is solid, at $15 and several options including fresh garlic naan and multiple food stations. Their curries and kabob items are some of my favorites, but I always get the saag paneer if I see it. I like how this location has more appetizer type items than other buffets, rather than just several rice and curry dishes. Speaking of rice, their biryani is pretty bomb, too. Come hungry!

DINNER: They recently previewed a new Indo-Chinese menu with fusion items. You can reserve seating to be by the kabob or naan station for dinner and watch the cooks up close and personal. This menu is a la carte, dinner only, and very well executed. Favorites include the Drums of Heaven (chicken lollipops), Hariyali Paneer (SO GOOD!), and Spicy Chili Baby Corn (which doesn't even taste like corn!). Interacting with the chefs and watching the dishes be made makes for entertainment while you wait, and everything smells so good- you really work up an appetite!

Food quality is solid, service is attentive, and the new location is so nice! Bonus points for having several vegetarian dishes, and some available vegan. They even have milk alternatives for the lassi drinks so that they are available vegan as well!"
"I work nearby and have been by a few times but have yet to be wowed. To be fair, I usually come by for lunch and their forte seems to be their gelato and desserts. Perhaps I will eventually return for that.

First visit was dine-in, for lunch. Opted for some sort of ""bruschetta"" salad plate. The premise seems to be simple, fresh food, but the basic salad was a bit lacking and plain. The tomatoes are the highlight of bruschetta and the ones used were underripe and flavorless. Plate needed salt and pepper to perk it up, never a good sign in a restaurant. Service was  friendly and my coffee was strong. I brought an order of pasta back for a coworker, who stated it was overcooked and bland.

Second visit was placed online, for a panini. Staff had no idea about my order when I arrived for pickup and seemed overwhelmed by the few people who were dining in. Ten minutes later,  they asked what I ordered and eventually sorted it out. By that time my food smelled better than it tasted (because I was so hungry racing back to work?), but the Parma panini (prosciutto, arugula, tomato, mozz) itself was nice and melty- again, would have benefitted from better quality tomatoes. Side salad seemed fresh, but I couldn't eat it because there was no dressing or fork. 

I like having this spot in the neighborhood but perhaps they should stick to the desserts. According to their social media, a ""new"" menu is coming soon, hopefully what they offer will be a better fit for this space- their kitchen seems small but even the basic, fresh food I've been ordering hasn't been executed well."
"The CSN food court is blowing up with new businesses, and Mother Falafel is one I've really been looking forward to. Their sweet Israeli owner uses home recipes for everything on the short but tight menu, with falafel and shawarma wraps and pitas. Bonus points for having vegan options available, which is what initially put them on my radar. 

My first order, the falafel pita, was just okay- I liked how well the pita held up but felt like the fillings needed more flavor. Returned for the shawarma wrap, and added the green sauce for a bit of spice. The spicy seasoning blend used on the chicken worked well to add flavor but I would still like to see the addition of pickled vegetables, onion, fresh parsley, red cabbage, etc to add color and flavor beyond the tahini, cucumbers, and tomato.

But what really kicks this place up a level is the ownership. Service is warm and friendly, makes an effort to get to know you, and upon hearing feedback about the falafel, they brought me a sample- maybe the simple flavors of the pita overpowered it, but eaten alone, they are crispy and flavorful. I still stand by my suggestions above to improve upon, but now feel better about recommending this spot for it's namesake product. 

TIP: Come in on your birthday for a free combo!"
"This café has only been open a couple of weeks, but they're already drawing a huge crowd even for weekday lunches! Came in to standing-room-only wait with a list by the door (make sure you put your name down!). 

Started with the SPICY PORK WONTONS, they were our favorite dish. Served in chili oil, lightly dressed with spices, and only filled with a pinch of pork, the won ton skins were delicate and delicious. Moved on to the MONGOLIAN BEEF PANCAKE, which was a bit underwhelming. Dipping sauce and accompanying pickled daikon were a nice touch, but the vegetable option may be better as the filling itself was bland. Would suggest a vegetable and beef mixture to be added to the menu. Lastly, we shared the PORK AND MUSHROOM with KNIFE-SLICED NOODLE (first dish at top of last page). This was a massive portion of fresh noodles, would have preferred a thicker noodle though they had good flavor. Good quality, amount, and variety of mushrooms but only saw one small piece of pork in our entire dish. The accompanying sauce made the dish a bit unexpectedly soupy.

Quality was decent and value was great, but the service was having difficulty keeping up with the amount of business they were doing. Great cheap date spot, with nice décor and low prices. For about $20, you can easily split a couple of apps and an entrée."
"Falafel Time is the newest food counter to set up shop inside the CSN food court. Menu has falafel and beef shawarma, available in wraps or plates, with a selection of sides. Tight menu means good execution of everything!

Came in for a falafel plate, staff were great about accommodating a couple of adjustments. Falafel was hot and fresh, soft inside and crispy outside- one of the better versions in town. Pita seemed store bought but was amply portioned. I also enjoyed the hummus and house-pickled veggies. $11 vegetarian plate filled me up for lunch with leftover pita to spare.

Would love to see menu add chicken shawarma, but if that's not an option at least offering feta, olives, and that green spicy sauce as add-ons would be awesome."
"There aren't too many boba options on this side of town, but QQ's got a good variety- judging by other reviews, their boba isn't consistent but I found it cooked just right on my recent visit. 

Drink sizes are well-priced, best value is the gigantor cup (similar to a takeout soup container) but it may not be a good pick if you're driving because it won't fit in most car cup holders. They have a few couches forming a small lounge area if you want to stick around for a while.

Lychee green tea with boba was my pick- it wasn't too sweet, wasn't watered down, and the boba was cooked just right. Thai tea with boba seems to be a popular choice, I saw several people getting that."
"Another tasty tea spot on Spring Mountain! Chatime is hitting the ground running with an aggressive social media campaign and great discounts in their opening weeks, including BOGO beverages, free toppings, and upgrades. 

Came in a couple of times with friends. The menu is massive, but the house milk tea is lightly sweet with a good tea flavor and comes highly recommended by the staff. They have a Top 10 list to help narrow down the selection, and the Superior Milk Chocolate (in the tea category) tasted nothing like tea to me but was super chocolatey and the roasted grass tea with jelly was a miss with texture that was inexplicably off. But the boba was just right!

Missteps are to be expected at opening but the stuff that was good was enough so that I'd go back and try more. Location has a good amount of seating but the register is placed in front, making the inevitable line hit up against the door and either back up or go outside. Might be worth rethinking the placement.

EDIT: Dropping a star. I chalked up the blasting music during the first few visits to ""trying to set a festive tone"" but jeez. I can't hear myself think here. TURN IT DOWN."
"Recently came in for breakfast with a friend, not realizing Jamboree Bagel had closed but giving it a chance anyway. I don't really get the name/theme but the interior hasn't changed much, menu now features breakfast dishes, Mexican food, and diner staples like burgers.

We shared a Tlyaco(?)- essentially a folded quesadilla topped with nopales (cactus) that was interesting, but the hits were the Chicken  & Avocado omelet and a daily special of Peach Pancakes. The omelet was super cheesy and sided with an order of homestyle potatoes, which were well seasoned. The pancakes were a generous portion, light and fluffy, but peaches seemed to be canned? Somehow it worked and I ate far more of this than expected.

Service was attentive and they got steady business the whole time we were there, so they appear to be doing well. Note that they have menudo on the weekends!"
"If you love Taco Tuesdays, if you fiend for fajitas, if you gotta have guac, then you will love the bottomless brunch at Border Grill. For $35/pp, you get your choice of 20 small plates AYCE and $10 more will add bottomless mimosas, too. You don't need to drink to enjoy this place though! 

YES:
Ceviche Del Dia- duh, always get the ceviche
Peruvian Shrimp and Grits- probably the best dish, we ended up eating three!
Plantain Empanadas- better than they sounded, more savory than sweet
Steak and Egg- nicely seasoned med rare skirt steak, egg, tasty aioli
Yucatan Egg Benedict- looks good, filling portion, biscuit was super dense though
Fried Green Tomatillos- thin, light coating complemented nicely by the brie and light sauces
Esquite Lettuce Wraps- so simple but so good, would get again

MEH:
Chile Relleno- served as three mini peppers for easy sharing but didn't have much going on
Breakfast Fries- ours had minimal short rib and bacon, and added jalapenos that weren't in the description, all on unseasoned fries. YMMV?
Huevos Rancheros- average, fill up on other things
Green Corn Tamales- no, they aren't spicy
Chilaquiles Verde- sauce was too subtle, one of the few dishes we didn't finish
Tres Leches French Toast- pretty but the tres leches flavors were too subtle to matter
Churro Tots- just okay but better without the weird salty chocolate sauce on the bottom.

While I enjoyed my brunch because it was with great company and a few standout dishes, the experience would have been better with a few tweaks, starting with our odd seating in the back area in the dark, which made photos difficult. Dishes were oddly coursed and came out a bit slowly, refills had to be requested a couple of times, and we never did receive the shrimp relleno tacos. That said, brunch is a good value and I would come back and recommend it to others.

TIP: They also have Monday night AYCE tacos and HH available every other day of the week!"
"I was dragged here by a friend who loves this place so much he's here at least weekly. I'd never given the spot a second thought but my interest was piqued and my expectations raised when I found out they are affiliated with Ellis Island, whose food I've really enjoyed. Unfortunately the couple of meals I've had here aren't quite up to that standard.

Steak and egg breakfast was decent, but the chicken fried steak version was overly battered and the breading was soggy rather than crispy. Even more disappointing is how thin their ""country sausage gravy"" was. I added on a side of their garlic green beans and though they smelled amazing, there wasn't much garlic flavor.

Returned for their famous fish and chips dish when working in the area and was similarly underwhelmed by fries that were overdone and a disproportionate fish to breading ratio. They seem to get steady business though, and the service is friendly."
"Yanni's Greek Grill is solid food in a small but clean restaurant. Came in for a gyro, walked out with a massive one PLUS a bowl of avgolemono soup for $13. There are no public bathrooms here, kind of a takeout only sort of spot."
"It was dead on a Friday night, across the street from a hoppin' movie theater. That alone should have told me to temper down my expectations. The staff were super friendly, but the menu in place differs from what their website and Yelp show: new menu has more items but is more expensive too.

The asada fries I was originally considering are now up to $11- nevermind.
Ordered their tacos azules: one fish, one shrimp; and a basic carnitas taco. Salsa bar is pretty basic with a hot, a mild, and a spicy option, and limes.

 Opened my takeout order to find three azules-style tacos- the carnitas was topped with cabbage and a cream sauce instead of cilantro and onions. 
Carnitas was dry and crispy, fish and shrimp were mediocre: fish was baked and flavorless instead of baja style; bay shrimp were tiny and bland.
 
Not thrilled that I spent $10 for three tiny street tacos,  ate 1.5 before tossing the rest. Poor value- I suspect the management raised prices to accommodate for their lack of traffic. 
Maybe cut your staff instead: friendly or not, it doesn't take four people to run this place. I was the only customer, and somehow managed to they overcharge me and mess up my order."
"Mixed feelings about my experience with this business. I was referred here by my insurance as one of their preferred garages for an estimate of repairs sustained when I rear ended someone. I drove the car for nearly two weeks before my schedule allowed me to bring it to Service King, and it drove fine- appeared to just be cosmetic damage. Ultimately SK did not work on my vehicle beyond the insurance assessment and evaluation.

PROS:
Location has valet pickup and drop off to the nearby Enterprise rental, the convenience of which was a major factor in coming here. Everyone I spoke with was nice, from the front desk staff to the mechanic who jump started my car so I could take it for a second opinion. Kyla was my main contact person and she was informative and helpful about discussing the process and what my options were. Ultimately a second opinion of the damage repair cost was reasonably close to the amount quoted here.

CONS: 
Despite the fact that I was told it was an option, when I actually expressed interest in having my car repaired instead of replaced, the tone of interactions distinctly changed. First I was cautioned that the estimate was incomplete and only included the visible cosmetic damage, but that they could tell by driving the vehicle that there was more extensive damage to the shifter and brakes that implied major engine concerns. While I appreciate and understand the disclosure to avoid misunderstandings later, the fact that I drove the car for 2 weeks following the accident made the comments feel forced and negatively charged. After the warnings didn't dissuade me, I was then told that SK wouldn't do the repairs anyway because they don't work on total losses. I've never heard of a garage turning away business but okay. A second garage was not able to find any evidence of additional damage. It rubbed me the wrong way that the helpful suggestions and info clearly stopped when I began to question my options. YMMV."
"Nice quiet neighborhood coffee shop, good for grabbing a drink on your way to work, catching up with a friend over breakfast or lunch, or setting up shop with a laptop to get some work done.  With a couple of minor improvements, this place could really shine. 

LOCATION: Ample parking, lots of seating, charging station for devices, free WIFI with prominently displayed password and high speed. Clean inside, patio seating with umbrellas for nicer weather. Infused water dispenser is a nice touch. Friendly service throughout my handful of visits.

FOOD: Menu has a few breakfast dishes like a quiche plate, croissant and panini style sandwiches, as well as (oddly?) pastas. Hoping they add a daily soup for cooler days and made-to-order salads. A recent egg-avo-pesto-spinach sando was decent, with ample egg on a fresh, large croissant, a touch more avo and pesto would've been nice. I'll try something different next time. They have premade-looking desserts on display, I haven't tried them.

DRINKS: Good variety of teas, flavored lattes available (but no pumpkin spice as of this posting). The one latte I've grabbed here was overly milky  which overshadowed the quality Lavazza. I like that dine-in orders come in large ceramic cups, but their latte art could use some work."
"A fine spot for an oil change, especially if you have a coupon- see previous review.
But for anything else, go elsewhere. Came in for a battery replacement because the location was convenient and the price quoted was in the average range. But when they discovered it was the alternator and quoted me $700, they lost me as a customer.

When I questioned their pricing, they immediately reduced the quote by over $100 with a coupon. I realize corporate shops add on extra fees (like a $40 ""shop supply"" charge, WTF), but charging over $400 for an alternator and $125/hr for labor at  place like this that isn't a specialty mechanic is BS. Staff were friendly but this predatory pricing is not acceptable.

Bought my own alternator for $200 and paid $150 at a shop up the road and spent literally half as much as was quoted here. Guess they're banking on people not doing their research and just throwing down their credit cards... which is pretty ignorant considering how easy it is to Google the pricing info. Sad that this is turning away customers when they don't appear to be busy."
"Female owned businesses FTW! Came in with a friend during their soft opening, and enjoyed a couple of their fruit-based teas. Returned for their grand opening and tried some milk teas and sip & dip drinks (topped with a scoop of ice cream). What makes this spot stand out is their stellar service and their self-serve boba bar!

This isn't the first spot with the self-serve concept, but I enjoy being able to customize everything from the sweetness, ice, and additions- I usually get the strawberry puree and lychee. All of the sauces and teas are made in house without artificial sweeteners or high fructose corn syrup. For those who order non-fruit-tea drinks, I find that the selection trends sweeter, more on par with dessert.

The service here is super friendly though- flat rate pricing of $5 drink gets you a choice of glass reusable jar (return for discount) or takeout cup. Drink order is detailed with a tag for your customizations, and staff have been very polite about asking for correct name spellings and verifying orders. 

RECOMMENDATIONS: Un-Bee-lieveable, Lady Bug, Pink Panda"
"A vegan butcher shop, say what? This is definitely a new concept to me but basically, it's a selection of vegan meats, cheeses, and sides to order by weight or in sandwiches. Location is cute and even has a drive thru available, and service was polite. 

I came in for lunch and had the Italian sandwich combo- sandwich was large and fresh, side lentil salad was okay, lavender lemonade was refreshing, and the sweet treat was a pumpkin snicker doodle. Portion is such that you really have to be hungry to eat it all, which makes the $15+ price tag a little easier to stomach. I do wish they'd cut the sandwiches in half, as the large loaf makes for awkward eating size.

The current menu of sandwiches is on the small side, hopefully they'll add more as they settle in, like meatballs or a club sandwich. As another review mentions, I do find it surprising that they don't have a build your own option or allow for their pasta salad to be included as a combo side. What makes great vegan restaurants stand out to me is typically their house sauces, and I didn't see an emphasis on those here? I do plan to revisit and try more."
"Open a week and already inundated with Yelp check-ins and photos! Dragged myself across town to check it out and was pleasantly surprised: the patio and pallet-planters full of fresh greenery and herbs are bright and inviting. The menu has a focus on freshness, with some healthy-sounding dishes and a lot of indulgent options, and also some pastries and sweets on display. The food-related quotes stenciled on the wall are a fun bit of whimsy, too.

Opted for the avocado toast ($12), described as sliced ciabatta topped with a generous amount of mashed avocado (easily more than one whole avocado), topped with microgreens, sunflower seed pesto (nice texture!), and flaked sea salt- along with ""poached eggs"". I received a single egg, and it was overcooked. Like I said though, they just opened so I'll give them time to perfect that. But when I come back it better be perfect, because as-is I thought it was already pretty great.

Service was interesting. There's a pastry case and a large posted menu, but if you're dining in  you receive a dedicated server for table service. Seems more like a ""walk up and order, then seat yourself"" kind of place. I would have brought the overdone-egg issue to my server's attention, but I was starving and even though I left it til last on my plate, I was not checked on until I was ready for my check. 

I'm rarely on this side of town, but the menu is fresh, fun, and fairly creative- there are kinks to work out in both product and service, but I look forward to visiting again and seeing improvements in a couple of months. Perhaps next time I""ll try a kouign amann, though I prefer mine sans the fruit it is currently displayed with here."
"White slice with tomato. Do it now! $6/slice may be a bit much, but I've been officially converted. The pepperoni is fine but the signature white pie is actually worth the hype: garlicky, cheesy, just a little bit gooey, and those tomatoes just make it extra special. Service is friendly, spot is bare-bones but in a good way, snag a stool if you see one available!

Note: Some people take the ""secret"" part a little too literally- it's not on any maps or even the Cosmopolitan website. Go to the 3rd floor with all the other restaurants, and find the hallway between Blue Ribbon Sushi  and Jaleo."
"I was bummed to see Sandwich Spot close, but La Cantine has been great to me so far! I usually use the Yelp app to order ahead, then eat half dine-in, and take half to go because portions are huge.Always get the combo with mac salad, it's zesty and spicy, really enjoyable.  In two weeks, I visited twice, and I'm already planning return visits as my work schedule allows! 

LA FUME: Country bread, prosciutto, bacon, lettuce, tomato, and avocado, as a panini. Lots of flavor, not unlike an upscale club, leftovers held up well. 
CIABATTA CAPRESE: Good Meatless Monday option! Fresh mozz, marinated cherry tomatoes, sprouts, added extra garlic sauce, I was in heaven. This denser bread made it a more filling sandwich despite no protein.

Service has been attentive and friendly each time, and I appreciate how they have fresh-brewed tea I can sub instead of a fountain soda. Next up is the Americana, so I can try the Dutch crunch bread. I'll update as I make my way through the menu!"
"Cue the meat sweats- this place has the biggest torta I've ever seen, stacked with five different meats! The Cubana Mexicana has pork leg, ham, egg, hotdog, breaded steak, Mexican sausage, and cheese. Along with lettuce, tomato, and I'm pretty sure I tasted some avocado in there. This thing literally feeds four, and I barely put a dent in my quarter.

But you probably came here for more typical Mexican eats!
The fish taco ($3.50) and shrimp taco ($4) are both good deals with a good amount of protein, but the batter was thicker than I'd like. Stick to the seafood tacos though, as the carne asada was pretty average.

The ceviches are alright- the price range is a bit different from other places I frequent and my usual $5-8 tostada mixta is $11 here so I have yet to shell out the scratch to see how it compares. The fish is fresh though and the portions are fairly standard.

Menu is huge, with burritos, fajitas, breakfast, and even soups that I haven't yet tried. Even the drink menu has a ridiculous number of options, including beer, wine, smoothies, juices, aguas frescas, and milkshakes. They should have a bingo card for diners to make their way through various sections of the menu, and a wall of fame/shame for anyone who can dominate that massive torta."
"Cute spot for lunch while out at Lake Las Vegas! Joined a Meetup group for brunch and kayaking, and this spot was great at handling our large group- sat in their private wine cellar area, divided checks without issues, orders out in a timely manner.

Menu has classic French dishes like French onion soup, escargot, croque madame, and quiche, along with apps, salads, sandwiches, and entrees. A friend and I shared the salmon salad, the nicoise salad, and the caprese sandwich- all portions were large, produce was fresh, food was flavorful. I would come back again to try more, like their grilled octopus and mussels.

TIP: Dine on the patio if the weather's nice!"
"I've been looking forward to dining at 7th & Carson for literally weeks- everything on the menu sounds like it was made for my particular taste buds! I planned a date night here, then scrapped it because a duo wouldn't be enough to try all the dishes I wanted. So an evening was planned for a group of six.

The highlight for me was the Oxtail Toast, a generous portion of thick, crusty bread topped with a mix of stewed meat in an rich beer-based gravy with curds- comfort food to the max! This pairs well with the Grilled Peach and Burrata salad, which ranks competitively against other versions I've tried due to the addition of fresh pesto, which pops vibrantly against the sweet peaches and creamy cheese. The simple-sounding sliders were also a hit, with perfectly-fried onions that made me think of what my imaginary private chef would make if I were craving White Castle. These three dishes alone would make for a satisfying, summery meal.

The Hearth Oven Bread with 4 dips is a huge, charred bread round with a slight zatar-like seasoning. Ours was soggy on bottom from a bit too much oil, which was unnecessary given the accompanying dips, all solid on their own. Our only foray into the seafood offerings was the Prawn Ceviche, which we were only later informed was actually sea bass- not that we didn't notice but that this was not disclosed until we inquired, which is odd considering the chef's seafood background. The dish itself was lackluster and a larger portion (sans an awkward tablespoon-sized side of unseasoned mashed avocado) would have been more appropriate for the price given the protein downgrade. The bread I'd get again if dining as a group but the seafood situation left a bad taste in my mouth.

I can overlook a few missteps at a new restaurant, but service comes down to training and experience. Kevin L's review details these issues further but my major takeaway is to bring cash when splitting the bill. It was a comedy of errors that took three staff members and literally half an hour to resolve- and that time cost me additional fees in the form of the parking ticket I got for being late to my meter! This was after requesting the staff to expedite the solution given my schedule. I'm all for teachable moments but a manager really should have stepped in after this situation exceeded the fifteen-minute mark.

The food is thoughtful and beautiful, and I really do like having a modern tapas concept downtown even if I don't often venture down that area. I'll eventually be back to check out the duckling pot pies and fried chicken wings on their garden patio, but I'm going to have to find a few new friends to take... and an ATM to hit on the way over.

NOTE: No vegan options, desserts limited."
"A few friends have been encouraging me to come by this place but it's out of the way so I kept delaying. Now, I'm kicking myself. For whatever reason, I initially thought this spot would be a knockoff Panda Express, but I was so, so wrong.  Stirfry Republic is set up most similar to a Mongolian grill- pick your carbs, veggies, proteins, and sauces, get 'em cooked up on a circular grill, and served piping hot. 

FIRST STAR: Their carb options include several noodle shapes AS WELL AS ZOODLES for those watching their carbs. This is SO appreciated. I usually do a half-and-half mix.

SECOND STAR:  Protein options are included in the $9 set price, other than shrimp, which is a $2 upcharge and well worth it- I got 5 huge shrimp in my first order, and they were NOT overcooked!

THIRD STAR: Sauces are good and available for sampling to help you choose, and the veggies are fresh and plentiful. I'm a veggie freak, so I especially love that I got no judgement loading up on everything without getting charged more or skimped, as elsewhere. Bowls also get a side of rice, which I take home to pair with a homemade meal later. 

FOURTH STAR: Staff and setting are great. Everyone is super friendly and helpful, making suggestions and conversation. Love the street-art murals all over the building and dining room. Super clean, too. AND FREE WIFI.

FIFTH STAR: Such a great value. Portions are huge, price is right, and I now find myself swinging by whenever I'm nearby. Unless it's Sunday, because they're closed and I always forget and get upset about it."
"Even for an outlet location, this place was a disaster- tons of employees running around but store in disarray, they frequently bumped into us, squeezed past us, and generally made shoppers feel like they were in the way. Management did not appear to be present.

Selection is decent, pricing was okay- most items 30 to 50% off ""lowest ticketed price"" which for most was the original price. Lots of outdated styles and clashing color combinations on the stocked merch, but if you need a sh-load of polo tees, this place has got you covered."
"Decent drive-through car wash. Not really thrilled with the way it's set up, impossible to see how long the line us until you enter in such a way that you cannot exit if you need to. Guess this is done so you can't access the vacuums without purchasing a wash? 

Wash itself is decent. Prices have changed since some previous reviews have posted, current options are $6/$8/$12, with options to add on additional Rain-X services. Hand-dry at end is a nice bonus, but it's one guy in a rush so don't expect the same level of service at a detail shop."
"The only redeeming quality about this casino is the restaurant, Fat Choy. But even that fell a little short of my expectations. Otherwise, this casino is a smoky room full of slots with a large bar in the back. 

Service is okay, security is present, but there are no table games or anything else that justifies this place being open- it's easy to park here because there's no one inside. I don't understand how this place stays open."
"Had a damn fine time at Chef Kerry Simon's downtown tapas-style place. Highlights of our visit were actually the vegetarian and vegetable dishes- would love to see him open a place specializing in that cuisine!

CRISPY CHICKEN SKINS: Not a fan, sorry. Ate two and was done. The salty-fatty-savory-sweet thing just doesn't do it for me. BF inhaled the dish though, and I will admit that it was better than expected. Just not for me.

DEVIL'S EGGS: Deviled eggs plus black caviar plus crispy pancetta? The only downside to this is the sodium, but the flavors are quite good. A bit pricey at $2 per egg half but, hello, caviar. Would get this every visit.

SHORT RIB SLIDERS: Perhaps the least favorite dish of the night. The meat was dry but the root beer glaze flavor was very unique. Tater tots were perfectly crisp and reminiscent of Sonic's but with a slight dusting of seasoning (not enough to call spicy) but felt with all the effort put into the other elements of the dish, the ketchup could have been spiced or at least not cold-straight-from-the-bottle-Heinz. It went untouched. 

RAINBOW CAULIFLOWER with garlic and lemon: So help me God this will be a part of my last meal on earth. So much texture and color and flavor, this dish was the star of the night! I cannot rave enough about it, it's a must-order.

ROASTED YOUNG BEETS: with pistachio, orange, and goat cheese was the runner-up for favorite dish of the night. Lately every place has a beet dish with citrus and creamy cheese elements, but that doesn't mean this one isn't superb. Shared this with my guy the way other couples might share a dessert. Que romantico, eh? 

WILD MUSHROOM FLATBREAD: with caramelized onions and bleu cheese, because the guys across the table from us got it and I wasn't quite in a cheese-coma yet. Very crisp with slight char and great mix of flavors. Can't go wrong with this, simple but well executed.

BOURBON FUDGE BROWNIE: with brown butter bacon ice cream. Holy crap. The brownie wasn't quite what I was expecting and probably had four thousand calories and seventeen cups of sugar in it, but it was good and chewy and was well-accompanied by the ice cream. I preferred the ice cream by far and the mix of flavors and textures was novel. Regardless, I was done after three bites because it was just. too. much. Even BF didn't finish and he's a total glutton. Consider yourself warned.

Décor was eclectic and I loved the mix of metal and wood materials, industrial feel with quality fixtures. Community tables are a thing here, pretend you're in SF and ignore the couple next to you and get over it or just belly up to the bar.

Super service from server, busser, and everyone else- great mood evident among staff, all came across as genuine and personable.  I'll be back soon to try the other half of the menu!"
"I've been trying to come here for months, but something always seems to pop up at the last minute. Finally made it in this morning and saw some friendly Yelpers as I browsed.

Almost everything was being made fresh and sold at bargain prices by friendly faces.
Spent just under $25 and got enough food to last the day: waited for a plate of chicken pad thai ($5) that was huge enough to share, $5 for 5 bbq pork sticks (fresh and hot off the grill!), $3 for some small and spicy fishcakes, giant plate of mango sticky rice for the BF ($6), and even snagged some special-order-only curry puffs under Lisa H's name ($5)- unlike anything I've had before!

Everyone working was super nice, just wish there were a bit more signage to clearly see what was being sold and where. Parking was easy to find up the street, and the monastery itself is gorgeous. Never would have expected to find such a structure in the middle of a nice residential area behind  a strip mall.

I'll have to go back another month for papaya salad and soup- took everything to go this time and soup didn't seem to be packed to travel. Next time I'll stick around."
"By far my favorite antique store in Boulder City- and probably the largest, too. Lots of variety, carefully curated into distinct sections and styles. Plenty of stuff to search through, but their jewelry is awesome!

Vintage earring selection is on point, necklaces and earring sets are not even necessarily antique but retro-style and great prices: $10 for a pair of earrings that can totally make an outfit; $13-18 for a necklace-earring set that will elevate a simple black dress to A-List status.

Lots of various collectibles here, but my favorite section is their Scrabble area: tiles divided into consonants and vowels, along with game boards and the trays, to customize into crafts however your heart desires! Anyone who loves Scrabble as much as I do automatically gets mad respect.

Staff is busy but friendly, love that they don't follow people through the store or endlessly try to make pointless chitchat- sometimes I just want to browse without being bothered!"
"PROS:
+ Friendly service, guys have been in business over 15 years here.
+ Discounts for lunch and cash payment.
+ Location is convenient for those in the area with limited transportation options.
+ Menu has a lot to offer, prices are pretty reasonable. 

CONS:
- Upon ordering, owner said the sign of good pizza was ""When the grease drips down your arm"" which luckily didn't happen but was totally a turnoff.
- The pizza was kind of lackluster and didn't have much flavor. Crust had good chew, Pepperoni and mushroom toppings were good but cheese and sauce were bland. 
- They don't really market themselves as an NY style spot but the decor is all NY themed and frankly this spot under delivers when I'm expecting a NY slice. Wouldn't go out of my way to come back but would try something else on the menu."
"Solidly decent shopping. No strong anchor stores but plenty of smaller or lesser-known brands, like Soma, a tiny Gap, Francesca's, and H&M. Larger stores include the Container Store, and a Whole Foods, along with several restaurant options, a movie theater, and a park in the middle.

Wandered around for a few hours, going shopping, having a meal and a dessert, and generally just hanging out and browsing several shops. While the exterior and design of the center is quite nice and upscale, most of the stores are not- which isn't a complaint, as I don't blow wads of cash when I go shopping anyway.

But what struck me as shocking was that the customer service at nearly every store I went to in this center was nearly nonexistent- half of the stores seemed understaffed, and those who did have staff apparently haven't trained them on actually helping customers. Went into several stores without receiving any interaction from employees as I browsed, and though I'm not expecting to be waited on hand and foot, being acknowledged shouldn't be too much to ask for.

I'll come back to check out a movie, and maybe a clearance rack or two, but there really isn't anything here to bring me back."
"More than meets the eye! This place looks deserted whenever I drive by (pretty dark, rarely any cars outside) but it's a 24 hour place that actually puts out pretty decent food. Inside bar area is actually pretty nice, menu has Italian pizza and pasta as well as typical bar selections.

Opted for a soup of the day (minestrone) and an order of wings (Italian: garlic and parm) to go, both were good and portions were well-priced. Total for a bowl and 8 wings, shared meal for two, was $15.

Service seems to be hit or miss- older male employee I worked with was pleasant, female bartender was smoking behind the counter and totally ignored me until the gentleman helped me several minutes after I entered, kind of a turn off to returning but I am not opposed to grabbing takeout here again."
"Kura is the third conveyor-format sushi spot to open in Vegas and just might be my favorite, as it is the closest to the type I fell in love with in LA.   Easily the business I was most excited about opening in Shang Hai plaza, Kura is situated in prime real estate right by the entrance.

PROS:
+ Perfect for solo diners like me. First seating area is single spaces, easy to get in and out quickly when on the go.
+ iPad ordering. I detest how tech is eliminating human interaction but the convenience of not having to wait for someone to come by and check on you to get a drink, place another order, or cash out is very convenient.
+ Selection seems to be higher here than the other conveyor spots in town, with tons of sushi constantly being replenished on the belt and multiple menus to order hot foods from (ramen, teppanyaki, small plates, etc).
+ Quality. Rice ratio is good here and I like how selection trends more toward the ""better"" options like garnished nigiri, higher grade cuts like toro, and more traditional Japanese options like toro and yamagobo.

CONS:
- Rolls are of the more basic AYCE style. Do not expect to get the same caliber of ""specialty"" rolls here as at, say, Sushi Mon, even at the half-roll size or using the iPad ordering.
- Ordering system has a few kinks. Menu displayed on screen is more limited than what is actually available. May just need to be updated, otherwise it's a hodgepodge system of multiple additional laminated pages that I didn't want to deal with on my visit.
- Pricing is generally solid, with most belt plates being $2.50 and the menu and color-coding system fairly easy to understand. However, some items offered are just a poor value- like a half cup of chopped up, unripe watermelon on the line? 
-A couple of the plates seemed consistently dirty? Not like they had food residue on them but more like they weren't thoroughly rinsed and a soap smear. Closer attention to detail here would be helpful.

The convenience of dining quickly as a solo eater is a big part of the appeal here. I can be in and out in a half hour lunch and spend $30 or less to be full while picking specific items I want rather than being overwhelmed by the variety and feeling of needing to eat my money's worth at an AYCE option- and no service delays! Will try more cooked kitchen items on another visit."
"TGP is perfect for those evenings when nothing sounds good and I don't want to cook. I like the  buffalo-garlic parm and spicy barbecue wings (or strips!) with bleu cheese or an Italian cheese steak, add mushrooms.

Staff is friendly, shop is messy and lacks ambiance but the cook throws his heart and soul into the food. The chicken strips are good sized, long and skinny and crispy- but all the sauces are off the chain! Buffalo garlic parm is the favorite, but spicy barbeque is tasty as well. Bleu cheese dressing is fresh made in-house with chunks of actual cheese.

That Italian Cheese Steak has plentiful rib eye, peppers, and onions, topped with high quality melted provolone and a good amount of mushrooms (for a minor surcharge). Bread is good and though a bit soggy, held up without falling apart.

This a regular pick-up stop during football season. The pizza is pretty solid, but as detailed above, I actually prefer their other menu offerings."
"I see you over there with your iPhone and your $100+ monthly data bill. I don't roll like that, I'm with Cricket: I always have service, there are tons of nearby locations in the rare event I need to speak with a live person, they have a small selection of phones with a range of prices (free after rebate to almost $450), and the service is affordable!

Have had my account with Cricket for over five years, and I keep my phones until they're beyond dead. My BF had finally had enough of my old-school phone and took me here to get an Android: for $50, it compares to his Samsung 4G LTE (and they have the 5 for sale, too) and my monthly bill is only $45.

Service by Serenna and Daniel was helpful, courteous, and prompt. Due to the age of my phone, they were unable to transfer my contacts but hooked it up with a phone case instead and allowed me time to copy down important phone numbers as needed."
"Hard Rock Hotel is known for their musical guests so it makes sense that they'd have decent venues available. Compared to the Joint, Vinyl is my preferred pick though- it's smaller but has a distinctly intimate feel. It's easy to access the bar, and the drinks are so strong that you'll only need one unless you plan to stay on site. Note that the audio is extremely loud, even for the house music while you wait between sets. Consider bringing ear protection.

Vinyl is located right behind the box office, just off the casino floor. The acts that play here seem to be smaller and lesser-known but still well-chosen. Pricing seems reasonable for what I saw and future events I've been checking out. I cannot overstate how much I prefer Vinyl to the Joint, totally different feel and experience- for the better."
"Metro is one of the top local pizza chains in the valley, but it wasn't til their Slice Out Hunger promo that I visited this particular location. Last year, the fundraiser for Three Square was held at their Flamingo location, featured pepperoni and cheese slices, and was quite disorganized- this year, organization was on point and slices were expanded to include specialty pies!

Location is fairly large, staff were friendly, and our large group was able to reserve a table in advance for the promotion. Tickets were sold at the door at a dollar each, 5 per person, to be redeemed throughout the night for slices as available. Staff manning the slice counter were fast and friendly, and the manager chatted a bit with me about the organization and how they help out the community. I have students who personally benefit from Three Square and I'm always happy to support what they do- discounted pizza is just an added incentive.

As usual, the pies were on point. The Mulberry Street (eggplant ricotta) and Milano (white)  pizzas were probably my favorites, and the giant, pillowy square Sicilian impressed too. Unfortunately, I was unable to try their Pumpkin Spice slice, as they went quick whenever they were put out and I only had a scant half hour to pop by. 

TIP: Discounts and promos available often, check their monthly menu, there's always something going on. 15% off for UNLV students with ID, too."
"New location warrants a new review, but it's safe to say I'm still a fan- despite the fact that their relocation as a standalone in Henderson means I won't be able to visit as often. The menu of bowls is still fresh and ultra-customizable, and they've added a few new things too. Service was super helpful and friendly for their recent opening, and happy to offer samples.

I usually DIY a bowl, and I always get the fresh raw sashimi-grade salmon. There are tons of choices of fresh veggies from edamame to red bell pepper and healthy bases include wild rice, quinoa, or greens. Dressings are tasty and made in house, sample a few to find what you like. The Dharma and Umami bowls are good options if you're too indecisive to build from scratch. Though the prices are a touch high, everything is super fresh and portions are fair.

Menu has added sandwiches, specifically the Salmon & Egg Salad, which is amazing for brunch- get it with arugula instead of spinach to make it even better. Alternatively, you can get a bowl as a wrap if you're not afraid of extra carbs. They also have a porridge bar, and though I'm usually not a fan due to the texture, the Almond Berry bowl is something I'd get out of bed and cross town for. Don't forget to grab a drink: strawberry thyme agua fresca is my usual pick but the ginger lemonade is solid too.

Purple Potato is going to be a hit in Henderson, if you're tight on time, order online."
"Coffee with a side of waffles! Tiff's Waffle Macchiato, which pairs a cinnamon vanilla latte with a small churro waffle, is the perfect way to start your morning. Bonus points for being priced well too, at about $5 for a drink and treat in one! It's my go to if I pop in here.

This location is small and a bit out of the way for me, but a stop I'll make if in the area. I like the patio seating and the drink menu (the seasonal specials rock!), but generally prefer the waffles at full service restaurants better. Service could be a bit more attentive but the staff are generally pretty friendly."
"After hearing a lot of hype about how this spot pairs hot pot and sushi, I was looking for opportunities to go check it out. Came with a friend for lunch and while it was decent hot pot, the seafood/sushi menu is lacking and poorly prepared so if that's what draws you, consider other options.

AYCE hot pot setup is great, with buffet-style noodles, veggies, sauces, and seafood (shrimp, mussels, baby octopus and octopus rings), while meats are ordered from your server- shout out to the wagyu and lamb shoulder from the premium menu, both were good. The seafood and miso broths were both fair, visit the sauce bar to kick them up with extra spice or seasonings. I appreciated the mushroom selection (I counted five!) and freshness of produce. 

Specialty seafood items included an overcooked and under seasoned grilled salmon, a seafood salad full of filler crowned by a half ounce of fish, and a 2-piece salmon sashimi order (limit one per person on all of these). A limited menu of rolls is available, and of the two we tried, they were slow to come out and falling apart upon receipt- unclear whether these are also a one-item limit but for better or worse, they're 4-piece half-rolls. As someone who enjoys seafood more than red meat, this was underwhelming.

Service was reasonably attentive and we admittedly did not try many of the apps- the bulgogi fries were solid for something less traditional. The bulgogi bibimbap def looks like a must-order if I visit again."
"This isn't a farmers market. Go ahead and call it a craft fair or an artisan goods market, but when you have ONE spot selling things that grow in the ground, it's not a farmers market. 

Selection of participating businesses was pretty good: various beauty concoctions and soaps, juice and coffee, some baked goods and honey, and a bunch of decorative knick-knacks. There were a few food booths clustered together selling meatballs and tamales (at $30/half dozen!?), but again- only ONE business selling fruits and vegetables. Unfortunately their name escapes me.

Unless you're already hanging out at DS, I wouldn't go out of my way to come here."
"I can't say teriyaki bowls are something I crave- but Teriyaki Madness  does them well. Get the regular chicken bowl with veggies and brown rice, add on a drizzle of sriracha, and you've got a solid lunch or dinner with good macros (31P/73C/9F) and a huge portion that could satisfy the Hulk.

This location is new and seems to blend in despite the signage- same building as Starbucks, with patio seating. Menu is fairly limited but I never get anything but the order above. If you get takeout be sure to ask for their Sriracha packets, since they're kept behind the counter."
"I surveyed the menu and reviews before my visit and asked friends for recommendations. Don't get your heart set on anything because apparently they change it up frequently. Friends suggested several dishes and not a single one was still available- no french onion fondue, lamb shank, deviled eggs, heirloom tomato and ciabatta salad, etc but they do have a ton of generic sandwiches and pizzas. Go figure. In any case, I took it as a warning and prepared for a dismal dining experience only to enjoy the majority of our dishes!

CHILLED JUMBO SHRIMP SCAMPI TOASTS: Pretty presentation, fresh poached shrimp, interesting combination of flavors and textures with avocado and ricotta, wish there was more lemon sauce.
PH SMOKED CHICKEN WINGS: $14/6 piece is a bit steep and these were on the smaller side of average, sauce was decent (mild to me, hot to my friend), served over bread with celery, carrot, and ranch.
BURRATA & NEVADA STONE FRUIT: I assume the fruit was white peaches, but this salad was actually a pretty amazing flavor combo with peppery arugula, creamy burrata, and sweet fruit topped with almonds and pepper.
PRESSED PROSCIUTTO PIADINI: Mozz and prosciutto is already a match made in heaven, but add pesto and wrap it in soft naan? I'm sold. This was not as good as expected, half-cut presentation is pretty but ingredients slide around and fall out. ""Pesto"" was a basil cream sauce, would have been better with straight pesto. This is served with a mountain of fries, which were unseasoned and on the hard side.
STEAK FRITES: Perfect med-rare cook on the steak, topped with a tasty chimmi churri sauce I could have used more of, and served with a generous portion of unseasoned asparagus and more unseasoned, hard fries. The vast majority of our fries went uneaten, but everything else was decent. How does a gastropub do fries so poorly? Whatever, the steak was delish.
CARBONARA ""MAC&CHEESE"": Cavatappi pasta served in a cream sauce with peas and bacon. Generous portion, went unfinished not because it wasn't good but because it's so heavy.
ENGLISH BANNOFFEE PIE: Chef's specialty, per those who watch his shows. I enjoyed the flavor combo of banana and toffee more than I thought I might, and the espresso ice cream paired well with it. Presentation was nice but chocolate drizzle would be better on top- white plate with a white triangle pie slice is visually boring but the flavors were so good we actually finished the dessert after this massive meal!

Service from Contessa was casual and courteous. Location ambiance is weird, for a build-out it feels like a generic casino cafe with odd western decor accents like leather-wrapped plumbing pipes? The entrance is dramatic and the bar is beautiful, and like that they have a functional shuffleboard table to play while you wait for a table."
"The cocky and condescending guys who work here actually put out some damn good sandwiches. They know it, and have the awards to prove it, too. I can't tell if they're moody and rude as part of a gimmick to be more ""authentic"" with the NY 'hood style, or if they're just jerks. Zero sense of humor, always seem vaguely annoyed to have customers. 

Pastrami sandwich here is pretty much a work of art. It's a contender for BF's last meal requests- delicious bread piled thick with pastrami. Just the thought of it makes him drool uncontrollably. It's his go-to sandwich at any deli, and he easily puts it in his top three bests.

We shared a featured special sandwich today: garlic bread loaded high with shredded beef, grilled peppers and onions, and marinara sauce and pecorino cheese. We opted for the ""large' since we were planning to share, and received what looked like an entire loaf of garlic bread that was perhaps close to 2 feet long. Luckily, we got it to go, but the damn thing was like eating a chunk of Italy- it was essentially an italian take on a cheesesteak, and I was quite surprised with the results.  Bread was delicious, just enough sauce to make it saucy without making it soggy, and heaps of toppings. I managed less than a third of this monstrosity, but staked my claim on the leftovers early- already looking forward to tomorrow's leftovers.

The pizza here also gets raves, and I plan on trying that... along with the Bronx Bomber, or the Anthony Special sandwiches... and their chicken piccata entree with mozarella sounds amazing too. Oh hell, I overlook the employee attitude problems because they make damn good food. Just let it be known that their score would be higher if they weren't rude.
3.5 stars, rounding up."
"Bardot is beautiful. The food is fantastic. Go there wearing your fat pants. The end.

Okay, so obviously reviews need a bit more detail but that's the gist of it. Bardot stands out in a city overwhelmed with French restaurants both on- and off-Strip. It's great for a business meal, a date night, a special event, or even just sitting at the bar for dessert to treat yourself. So far my visits have been limited to a networking event with passed appetizers and seafood and a group brunch, but I'll definitely be back for dinner soon.

Standouts include their cheese (duh), charcuterie, fresh oysters, escargot, and any incarnation of terrine or foie gras. I'm sure their entrees are great, but I'd go wild with multiple appetizers instead. My next visit will include the beef tartare and onion soup for sure.

You can't go wrong with their brunch options. Mussels have a great, complex broth and a massive mountain of a portion. The giant French toast is amazingly light with a great vanilla mascarpone and the world's fanciest granola bar garnish. The Hunter's Waffle with duck confit was a nice balance of sweet and savory. It took all of my self control not to run off with Cint B's Short Rib Croissant Benedict.  

Just go, tout de suite."
"After my first stellar visit, I've been back two more times and I'm still impressed. Love how they clearly take feedback into consideration. A few menu changes have been made, but they all seem to be for the better. 

WATERMELON AND FETA SALAD: A classic summer salad, with cucumber and white balsamic. Great fruit dish that shines alongside Kerry Simon's excellent veggie dishes.
TEMPURA GREEN BEANS: This dish is addictive! Every table around us had an order, and after ours arrived we understood why. It's crunchy, it's savory, it's sweet with a bit of spice. The red pepper cream cheese is sinful. Just get it.
BLACK RICE & OXTAIL RISOTTO: Didn't quite have the usual risotto texture or consistency, but the dish itself was so savory and indulgent. Rich and flavorful, meatier than expected. 
GYRO TACOS: This was a bit of a letdown. Cool concept but poor execution. The pita taco shells are super dry and floury, and the taco filling was overly seasoned to the point that it didn't even resemble lamb.
BISON MEATLOAF SLIDERS: Awesome upgrade from the original Dr. Pepper sliders. The bison was moist and flavorful, complemented nicely by the crispy onions. Side of spicy tots was nicely seasoned and crunchy. If you aren't sharing as a group, this would be an adequate lunch portion.
THAI CHICKEN FLATBREAD: This was a fail for us. The cheese just didn't work with the other ingredients. The curry sauce was lackluster. The crisp veggies and crisp flatbread did not harmonize at all. 

As long as they keep turning out great dishes, I'll keep coming. But my original claim that their vegetable dishes are where they truly shine still stands. Service remains great, try the rooftop patio if you come by in the evening."
"Gotta love the name! Can't Dutch This is a food truck specializing in Belgian and Dutch fries, with plenty of hand-crafted dipping sauces and toppings. The fries are hand-cut and fried to order, the service is friendly and fun, and this spot is completely safe for those on a gluten-free diet because all they do is fries, there's no cross-contamination! 

Ask for a sample to try the sauces you want- the plain fries are pretty solid, but they're not playing around with the spicy stuff. I'm waiting for the day they put out a classic San Francisco-style order of garlic fries permanently on the menu, then they'll never be able to get rid of me."
"The first sign of trouble should have been that this Chinatown plaza was almost dead at 11PM on a Friday night. The hours were incorrect on 1900's Yelp page, and almost everything else in this plaza was closed- but we went in to this place when we saw the Chicken & Beer banner.

Bizarre to walk in to a club-looking place but we were seated right away.
Concept of buzzing a doorbell to get service is odd. And again, the fact that it was completely dead at 11PM on a Friday, should have been a heads up.

The menu is ridiculous, composed of pages of Clip-art festooned specials with nonexistent descriptions and then traditional menu pages with dish listings, prices, and photos. Speaking of prices, the ones in the menu range from high to insane: $8 to $24 for soup, $9 for a 7 piece wing order, and shaved ice desserts for $15? 
Don't even get me started on the beer listing, which shows pricing for your beverage based on CCs- as if they're going to give you an injection or something. Side note, who on earth spends $50 on Miller Lite? ANYONE?

Anyway.
Tentatively ordered the tempura udon soup and two 7-piece orders of wings (deri-q and mild), and considering there were few to no other customers, it was a considerable wait for our food.

While we waited, we were provided with what appeared to be a vase of sticks, and a set of very dated and very dirty/cloudy water glasses. I'm the first person to down copious amounts of water when dining out, but the age and cleanliness (or lack there of) of the waterglasses skeeved me out.

But we finally got our food.
The tempura udon soup was too hot too eat for a good half hour, by which point the tempura was soggy. Which was irrelevant, considering this $8 bowl of soup consisted of just one piece of shrimp tempura and noodles, with some green onion thrown on for color.
The wings though, were a surprise: the first batch (the deri-q) were smaller and served with tiny dishes of some grainy green stuff with a thick, dark brown sauce, almost tasting like soy sauce.  It was surprisingly delicious.
Second batch of wings (mild) were about twice the size each, very crunchy/crispy, and had a sauce on them that smelled amazing but didn't pack the same punch in flavor. 

Not sure how this place is open with this pricing and lack of business.
Service was spotty- not sure why they had three employees chilling, if only one person is needed to listen for the buzzer and give one-word answers to our questions."
"Pleasantly surprised by the sports bar atmosphere and the Enchilada Chicken Nachos-it's hard to pick which to try given the extensive menu, but you probably can't go wrong. Would advise against ordering them for takeout though.

Weird communication issues when picking up my order, combined with an odd choice of takeout packaging- chips, cheese, and protein are boxed in cardboard similar to pizza carryout. Additional toppings are packed separately in Styrofoam and plastic cups. Initially I was put off by this but it grew on me- could add the sour cream, guac, and beans to my preferred level. Portion did not seem adversely affected by the box used.

Flavors though? Tasty. Chicken and encihlada sauce was well seasoned but not spicy, large rings of jalapenos made it easy to eat around them if you want, portion was large enough to share- maybe add on some tacos and this is easily dinner for two. 

Bonus star for having queso on the menu- one of the few places in town to do so, and one of the major things I miss from home! ."
"I'm a huge fan of this chain- particularly their double-ad Wednesday sales. If you sign up on their website, you get the ad delivered straight to your inbox. Super convenient.

Went in today for one of their 72 Hour sales- 3 pounds of broccoli for $1, 2 cucumbers for $1, boxes of baby spinach and kale for $2 each, a pound of strawberries for $2, boneless skinless chicken breasts $1.69/pound, and $7/pound scallops: all great prices. Didn't even realize strawberries were in season!

Liked that this store was clean, organized, and well-lit, despite it being in a run-down plaza. The bakery, deli, and premade foods (including soups, salads, and various packaged plates and meals!) are right by the entry and very tempting- the soup and rotisserie chicken aromas always make me rethink whether I'm really going to cook dinner with my groceries that night or not.

In any case, I found my items easily and did not see any produce of questionable quality- everything seemed fresh and washed.

Line to check out went really slowly- the cashier seemed really emotional and upset and barely said a word to me. Another employee came over, whispered something to her, and set out a sign closing her line after my purchase. Very odd.

Bonus star for having plentiful parking directly in front of the building- I really hate having to drag a cart across a parking lot, and here it seemed parking was plentiful enough to where it was unlikely to be an issue."
"New Asian fusion spot now open on the East side, complete with a pun-ny name! They have Thai and Chinese staple dishes for the traditionalists, and some fun specials, too. 

You can get any number of Thai/Chinese dishes here, and they're fairly solid- the pan fried potstickers (great dipping sauce!) and crab Rangoon (really light on the cream cheese) are made fresh daily, but my usual picks are the egg foo yung or the crispy pork with Chinese broccoli. My guy often opts for the orange chicken, chow mein, or the wor won ton soup (giant portion).  If you're feeling more adventurous, they offer some fusion specials. I've enjoyed the Thai-rrito, the Thai deviled eggs, and the Mongolian beef hash and eggs. Snag the garlic cheese fries during HH. 

BEVERAGES: Thai tea, thai coffee, Torani fruit smoothies, blended frappes, milk tea, flavored teas, and great honey boba. Try the Turbo Frappe for an unbeatable caffeine rush.

Family owned and operated with attentive and friendly service. Everything is made to order, so call ahead or using Eat24.  Small stage area in the back for performances and special events. HH specials available 11AM-3PM, and they give teachers, EMT, police, firefighters, etc 10% off with ID, all day, every day.

December 2015 Edit: they've pared down the menu and are trying out a Sushi Tuesdays special."
"Popped in for lunch when a nearby spot was unexpectedly closed- the meals range from $10-16 and come with soup and rice, which I wasn't feeling, so we opted for a random sampling of appetizers instead.

CHICKEN KARAGE: Japanese fried chicken, decent portion for the price ($5) but a little on the dry side. I've had some amazing karage in Vegas and this one fell short of my expectations. I preferred the side salad this is plated with to the actual dish.
TAKO SUNOMONO: Octopus and cucumber salad. This was perfect for the hot Vegas day, light and refreshing with a light dressing.
BEEF TATAKI: $7 for 9 tiny strips, served on a bed of radish with ponzu sauce. Pretty good flavor, liked the dipping sauce with daikon. Small portion is shareable but barely so.
CHICKEN KATSU SLIDERS: Ordered this because I saw another diner eating the across the room and it ended up being my favorite dish. Two fresh Hawaiian rolls with a halved chicken katsu cutlet and a tasty wasabi-infused sauce.  

Service was basic. I like that they have iced green tea available as a beverage. Receipt is hand-written list with the total at the bottom, tax was obviously included but not written out, would prefer an itemized receipt. Our total seemed higher than it should have been. I will come back for the katsu donburi, looks to be the best dish."
"If you're a teacher or aspiring teacher, or substitute, in Nevada, you have to deal with the Department of Education for your licensing. The website is relatively easy to navigate but doesn't really answer enough questions- luckily, they have a phone number and an email you can send questions to. 
In my experience, the phone only gets answered about 30% of the time before going directly to a recorded message that does not allow you to leave a message. However, the email account does send out answers to your questions- they are direct and to the point, and usually arrive in about two days.

Eventually though, you usually have to go in person to drop off your application materials. 
Don't yell at your GPS when you arrive at a normal-looking shopping plaza- it's here. Between a retail clubwear store and a Dollar General, there's a fancy entrance to a lobby, which gets you to a fancy staircase upstairs to where the Dept of Ed is housed. Very weird location from the outside, but once inside, it's completely normal as far as offices go.

The office appears to possibly be understaffed- I've never seen more than two people working the desks at a time, though there are three with a third window that appears to be used exclusively for signing in.

Service is quite slow, so do not plan to make this a quick stop. On the bright side though, once you're  at a window,, the employees are friendly and courteous and answer all of your questions and double-check your paperwork before you're allowed to leave- probably keeps a lot of mistakes from happening or additional visits being required."
"What's not to love about froyo? Using the Yelp app, I've noticed an extreme lack of froyo places on the West Side, but luckily I passed this one earlier in the day and returned for a late night dessert- love how they're open til 11PM!

Location is open and airy, lots of little seating arrangements for those who choose to dine in. Staff is friendly and there are several flavors available (about 10?) along with a huge bar of toppings- including mochis, which garners them an extra star!

Upon check out (and they're mad cheap too- I had a huge portion for under $4), you're invited to join their loyalty club with your cell phone number, and they keep track of your purchases for credits and send you text alerts for discounts and promotions.

Bonus: they also have a chocolate shop counter inside with chocolate dipped apples and truffles!"
"If it were socially appropriate to throw my panties on stage, I would have. These guys are super talented, and really attractive too. Totally took me by surprise. Maybe I've been living under a rock, but I had no idea who these guys were. I was expecting something on par with Glee. Well, this is like GQ brought to life, with surround sound.

The show is at LVH's Shimmer Cabaret, a small and intimate theater with a bar in the back- but you won't need to drink to sit through this show. The guys are engaging, the music spans just about every genre, and the audio/lighting is really well done- not a low budget experience at all.

Each guy has his own distinct personality, and each one takes time to interact with the crowd individually between group songs- making instrument sounds one minute, then  harmonizing on your favorite pop hits songs the next. 

Favorites from this setlist include their versions of Hey Jude, an Opera/Thrift Store improv, and their closing mix of several current hits. At the end, the walls separating the theater area from the surrounding casino open up and the guys are able to be heard throughout the lobby area- great advertising!

Would go again. A little bummed my BF opted out of attending with me, but now I want to drag him with me for Round 2. Pretty sure he won't appreciate how attractive these guys are, but their musical abilities are top-notch!"
"When I first moved here, several people told me this was THE place to go for thai food. I tried Weera first, and loved their food. Coming here, I wasn't particularly impressed by either the food or service.

Ordered takeout, taking advantage of their drive-up window and their lunch menu available til 3PM- opted for the pad thai and red curry, ordered by phone on my way out the door from my office. Arrived on time and pulled up as instructed, only to sit there for five minutes without being acknowledged by the woman standing just inside at the register. At first I thought maybe she didn't see me, but several people walked up and talked to her, and made eye contact with me and a comment to her. Generally I expect to be acknowledged when I'm waiting, even if it's just to say sorry it'll be a couple of minutes- I prefer that over being ignored by far.

Got home with my dishes, good portions for lunch pricing- $8/per person.
Pad thai was a large portion of noodles, chicken was a little on the dry side, dish was a little spicier than expected for a 3 but reasonable. Curry was a 4, which was quite spicy and BF did not care for the spice level but the veggies were fresh and the beef was a good portion. Appreciated that the rice was fresh and fluffy, offset the spiciness of the curry. Both dishes served with a wonton and spring roll- tasty and not overly crispy.

Would swing by to take advantage of lunch pricing again, but after all the hype I simply felt the product wasn't amazing but rather just average."
"Heads up to anyone checking out this business before going: I'll do the short version for you. If you've ever had Jamaican Caribbean food before, this place is not going to hit the spot. The majority of four and five star reviews are from people who don't know any better.

I shop frequently at the nearby Sprouts grocery, and always mean to stop in here.
BF picked up takeout last night for dinner, and said the restaurant smelled heavenly and took it as a good sign that all of the employees were actually Jamaican.

Got home, and as others have said, takeout dishes are splashed everywhere- sauce out of the box and in the bag, one napkin and fork for two orders (and placed UNDER the takeout boxes in the bag in the puddle of spilled sauce), etc- little details that may slightly irritate, but not be relevant for dine-in customers.

But the food, despite smelling so good, was simply mediocre. All spice and no depth of flavor. Ordered the jerk chicken plate and the goat curry- and you could tell that both meats were indeed chicken and goat, but the similarities between the high quality versions of these dishes we've had elsewhere and what we actually received, was sad.

The jerk chicken was, for starters, dry. Rub seemed to be applied sparingly, and there was only flavor where you got seasoning. Good portion, but not necessarily good value. 
Goat curry sauce had a good consistency to it, and the meat was good, but the flavor was simply lacking- lacking depth, lacking that finger-licking jamaican flavor I'd come for. 
Sides included a mixed veggie type dish that was overcooked mush, and ""rice and red beans"" consisting mostly of rice and of a few scant red beans (I counted maybe 10) that appeared to be dried. When even your sides are underwhelming, there's a problem in the kitchen.

This was one of those rare times when the BF and I didn't finish our orders. And for about $30 for a week night take out dinner, that's pretty bad."
"I am so lucky to live so near this car-trouble-solution store! I could literally walk if necessary, but so far I've just had to visit for routine maintenance stuff.

Large bottles of oil and filters are available here to purchase to DIY your oil changes, along with air filters, lights, and a bunch of other parts I don't feel safe replacing on my own.

Store is really good about having directories stationed throughout so that you can look up your car's make/model to ensure you're getting the right part, and they'll even double-check your work for you using their computer database before you walk out the door."
"The last time I went to an Epic Thrift was an epic fail- the location at Decatur and Sahara is a nightmare. But this location was on par with my expectations! 

Giant warehouse-style space has a massive selection of clothing, good-condition housewares, and 50% off furniture (only saw a few couches). Staff were friendly about greeting me and letting me know about sale sections as I entered, and the store itself was clean and well-maintained.

Bonus star for Yelp check-in deal: $5 off $25. You'll have to buy a lot to spend that much here though!"
"So many four and five star reviews from Yelp Elite can't be wrong, right?
RIGHT!

Picked up asian takeout for three tonight for just under $30- seafood soup, beef pad se ew, and chicken masaman curry, extra side of rice. Portions were okay but were split among three, pricing was fair but seafood soup could have been larger. Good for $7 price, but not a meal on its own. Curry was heavy on the potatoes, so with the rice it was pretty starchy, but that kept it from being too spicy. Pad se ew was among the best BF has had, and it's the main thai dish he gets everywhere we go.
Side note about the soup: pick out the green pepper pieces prior to eating unless you want to spit out your soup in spicy surprise. Otherwise, the mix of crab, mussels, shrimp, and octopus is delightful.

Service was good. Ordered to go, just a few minutes prior to close, and was helped with a smile and the order was out quick. Saw a few pictures of dishes above the counter after we ordered, but did not find them on the menu itself- shrimp and fish ball soup, duck soup, etc., unclear whether they're special features, by request only, or no longer on the menu.

Would come back here, and we'd likely try different dishes- the garlic chicken in particular caught my eye, as did the drunken noodles. Maybe better for lunch specials though, pricing looks a little better at ~$7/dish."
"Terrible. I don't get drive-thru food often, and my experiences here reinforce that conscious avoidance. Crispy tacos that are cracked right down the middle the second I unwrap them, fish tacos on tortillas that are torn in multiple places and drowning in mayo? It's like they're not even trying to make the food even remotely edible. The gal at the window was nice but not enough to make me want to stop here again."
"Just as good as the West side location, except located distressingly close to my gym.The sweet lady who works here always makes it so hard not to buy the entire store. Almost everything I've tried here has been pretty good- stop by the back table for reduced-price day-old bread, the dark rye is my favorite.

Rum balls are huge and strong, but you can't go wrong with any of their pretzel products- the croissant in particular, with a sprinkle of seeds on top, is the best. BF loves the crumb cake (available in cherry and apple), and the pizza bread makes an interesting if atypical lunch choice."
"TLDR: an easy and relatively low-priced option for paleo/GF meal service with low calorie counts. I don't see myself being a regular customer, and I wasn't thrilled with the lack of contact with customer service, but flavors and portions are better than they appear.

Issue #1: my order arrived 24 hours late. Scheduled for 12/15, not received by 10PM, no email notifications and no way to track. I confirmed that they took money out of my account and that I had the delivery date correct. There's no way to contact anyone directly, but if there's a delay with your order, the FAQ page says to email their support department the following day (implying that this is fairly common?). Convenience of preordering is irrelevant if they can't keep to stated delivery time and I end up without lunch/dinner, waiting an extra day. So far no one from the company has acknowledged the delay or even reached out with a form letter or link for feedback.

Issue #2: Full disclosure: I ordered with their half off promo. I can't imagine anyone paying $10/meal for this. It's essentially TV dinners, one step removed from the Atkins line. The food doesn't look appetizing and it literally arrives frozen solid, further lending the comparisons to your grocery-store aisle food. Fresh =/= frozen. The cook times are not accurate- all of meals needed at least an additional minute, if not double the listed time just to get heated through. I'm aware that there can be cooking variations with microwave wattage and elevation, but this is ridiculous. Food is icy inside when following directions.

THE POSITIVES:They offer large menus of over 40 breakfast, lunch, and dinner meals each week, and I like that you can fully customize each meal instead of just in pairs like with other services. But the food is not exciting and service so nonexistent, it's not worth the price or arguable ""convenience"". Note that you have to join, order, and check a specific page, then download a PDF simply to view calorie counts or additional nutrition info. Not sure why this isn't just printed on the label. However, counts are very reasonable for portion size.

TIP: After placing your first order, immediately put a hold on all additional weeks until you try and decide if you want to continue. Freshly one requires NINETY-SIX hours (four whole days) notice in order to change or cancel any service, which is barely enough time to even eat what they ship before another one is on it's way."
"Crave those crazy squares!! Not breakfast cereal, White Castle burgers! 
If you didn't grow up with this chain, you don't get it. Yeah, the meat is a super-thin mystery but it's a nostalgia thing, there's nothing like the WC flavor. Summers in Ohio with my cousins would always end with a trip here. Back home in Texas, my dad would crave them and have to settle for the frozen-aisle version. 

Finally, Vegas got an outpost! The prices are jacked up for the Strip location but the taste is all 1994. It really is a trip to finally be able to taste real White Castle burgers again: hot, fresh, crusted in onion bits and topped with a single pickle. You gotta get them with cheese for the full effect. Add ketchup at your own risk!

Service is pretty organized: the kitchen is open and everyone is working hard, order numbers are both called out and posted on a screen. Somehow I got skipped, but they remade my order and tossed in dessert, too."
"Location can be difficult to find in this area, since all the buildings look the same. Use the map on the Yelp app to find it more easily than I did.

My BF and I both worked with Dr. Klausner for physicals, who was personable. Check in and intake staff were polite and professional. Seems they primarily handle workmans comp cases.

Appointments are strongly recommended. I was seen within 10 minutes of mine, but they have notes up saying that walk-ins are worked into the schedule and it may take hours. Note that they do not make reminder calls.

Waiting room is large, with a TV and decent magazine selection. Best aspect of this office is that they are open certain days until 8PM, which is helpful for those with difficult schedules."
"The antipasto salad was a hit: quickly made, nicely presented, fresh veggies, generous and high quality meat and cheese, with an Italian dressing that appeared to be made in-house. I especially enjoyed the marinated veggies that were included, mushrooms and artichokes. Salad came with a side of garlic bread with an unexpected red (sundried tomato?) sauce on it that I didn't particularly care for. Considering the freshness and quality of all the components, I would definitely consider the sandwiches on a future visit. Prices are low, service is friendly, everything is made to order."
"""Sports complex"" is an accurate name for this place: it's  massive, with designated spaces for almost every activity you can think of. I love the Angel Park Trail to walk, bike, or run (and it's used locally for a few different 5Ks throughout the year), there are several soccer fields. I'm unclear whether this space officially includes the Darling Tennis center, or if they're just adjacent, but that's near enough to count, too.

The dog parks and playground areas make this a family-friendly spot, with clean bathrooms and plenty of picnic tables. The parking lot is enormous, and there are multiple entrances from Washington- so if you're meeting up with a group, it's wise to be specific about where."
"Went on a weekday afternoon to pick up a missed parcel delivery. The line was nearly out the door at 3:30 PM and despite about seven windows, only two employees were present and assisting customers. Wait was nearly half an hour.
The associate who eventually helped me was polite and friendly, and relatively quick, which was nice. Added on a sheet of stamps before I left, because I sure as heck don't want to stand in that line again.
A little ticked off to find out that I apparently could have just approached the counter to pick up my parcel and been helped immediately- what good does that info do me AFTER I've waited?"
"There's a sandwich on the menu here called Netflix & Chill. If that doesn't pique your interest, allow me to expand: it's delicious, loaded up with London Broil, red wine shallots, bleu cheese crumbles, fried onion strings for crunch, and a creamy horseradish sauce! I want one now just thinking about it.

The sandwiches here are made with Boar's Head meats and cheeses, and they use interesting combinations and sauces (avocado mousse anyone?) for fresh, tasty options you can't find elsewhere. If you're into the classics (meatball, blt), they have those too, and you can also customize your order. They offer each sandwich as a wrap or salad. Menu items are about $10 and portions are large.

However, I'm not thrilled when I leave a new business I'm happy to patronize, only to see a $5 sandwiches sign by the street luring in new customers. In multiple visits, I've never once been informed what that $5 promotion is, nor has any discount been mentioned (another is posted on the wall). 

Most recently, I placed an Eat24 order and rolled up to a closed sign at 5PM. They had my order ready and said it was the last of the day, but if you can flip around an open/closed sign, you can correct your own posted hours (which stated 10AM-8PM). 

TIPS: The online menu only allows you to pick wrap, stack (sandwich), or pack (salad), but doesn't list their breads. Specify the french roll, it's fresh and thick enough to hold up to the end of your meal."
"""Make-it-yourself and we'll bake it in seconds!"" pizza spots are popping up everywhere. This is a version I actually enjoyed! Crisp, chewy crust with a variety of quality toppings (goat cheese, gorgonzola, fresh basil, minced garlic), ready super-fast with great service, for a low price (under $8/each) and sized large enough to have a couple of pieces leftover.

On opening day, they were super busy but every employee was peppy and positive. In addition to the pizzas, they also have some small salads and desserts (ask for the s'mores to be heated in the oven!).  Highly recommend adding pesto drizzle to your creation after it bakes, a vibrant and flavorful version generously applied."
"I am a giant fan of giant salads, and they're arguably the highlight of G&G. Walk in and see the huge fresh salad bar, with tons of ingredients. 4-topping and 6-topping options are low-priced and include a protein and ample salad dressing from a large variety that includes vegan and low-cal choices. The portion size is good and easily makes a filling meal, note that some toppings like artichoke hearts carry a surcharge.

G&G also stands out with their grill items- the spicy chicken kabob wrap was huge and features juicy, grilled-to-order meat and fresh produce. This doesn't necessarily travel or keep well, so consider ordering it with the sauce on the side to eliminate mess and sogginess.

Location is convenient for me, small but clean and organized, and well staffed. As long as they continue being generous with the portion sizes, I'll continue frequenting them for healthy takeout options."
"Met up with a Yelp friend here between various appointments and we were so paralyzed with indecision that we ordered two toast flights (3 half toasts) to try all of their options. Add on a couple lattes and a tip, and breakfast was $50 for three slices of bread and some coffee which is kind of insane. Like, I did it, but I still can't really understand why. And it was actually quite a nice morning.

The service is polite and friendly and the toasts are actually good. The Lox, Just Beet It, and the House Favorite were my top picks- my preferences skew more savory than sweet. Turmeric latte was mostly milk but props for having alternative milk options available (coconut and almond). They also have smoothies and yogurt bowls!

TLDR: Modeled after toast cafes in California, with the price tags and style to match. It's a gorgeous spot, don't get me wrong, and the food is actually pretty tasty, but everything is a couple bucks higher than it probably should be. And yet, the people will come."
"As an elementary teacher, I easily spent 10% of my salary with this company: mostly on beginning-of-year decor and centers items. As a middle school teacher, most of the merchandise here is no longer appropriate for the age level of my students.

But I go back annually for their teacher planner! Simple and organized without extra boxes and spaces I don't need, it with plenty of extra pages for note-taking during parent conferences and staff meetings. This book goes with me everywhere between August and June.

This location is a bit bigger than others I've been to, but it's the only one in the Las Vegas area and completely across town from me- so I'll likely stick to ordering online. 
Join their e-club at your own risk, as you'll get discounts and sales alerts... but they'll flood all forms of communication you allow: email, snail mail, and text. It's a bit overkill."
"Solid lunch buffet for $11/person- clean and organized display with all item labeled, naan available by request with garlic, and free mango lassi with Yelp check-in.

Cucumber, onion, and tamarind-sauce salad is refreshing and delicious.
Goat curry is meaty with good heat to it, tandoori chicken, curry chicken, chili chicken, and biryani rice all available. Vegetarian options included samosas, pekora, chana masala, dal, and squash, along with saag paneer.
The salad section also has a phenomenal mint sauce that goes deliciously with absolutely everything- I'd buy this stuff to go if I could (I didn't ask).
Finished up with the gulab jamun, my favorite dessert of milk-cheese balls soaked in honey sauce.

I liked that the variety of the buffet was fairly diverse with a lot of lighter and vegetarian options, allowing me to sample a little of everything without totally pigging out.
Service was polite and soft-spoken, we were asked repeatedly if we liked our food, which was appreciated.

Having moved here from the Bay area, with about 234920349 times more Indian restaurant options to pick from, I simply wish I didn't have to cross town to find this cuisine."
"Just like the best places to get a Chicago dog IN Chicago, this spot is one part good food, one part hole-in-the-wall atmosphere, one part genuinely friendly service. They've got good prices too.

The namesake dog is done right on the requisite sesame seed bun, get yourself more than one or upgrade the size. If you're not in the mood for that, grab a Philly- the small is sized just right for a solo diner, and the bread is sturdy and fresh. Add on a side of chili cheese fries (with liquid cheese, not shredded!), ask for white onions on top. If you really want to take it back old-school, get a pizza puff or a supreme tamale and let the flavors take you back to childhood.

Bonus points for having Green River soda, Dusseldorf mustard, green relish, sport peppers, Giardiniera, and other treats to stock up on at home. Their daily $5-$6 meal deals are worth the trip, too."
"In most ways, this is your average Costco: massive amounts of product in bulk, slow lines, and several samples. But I'd like to give a special shout out to the pharmacy department! If you didn't already know, non-members can use the pharmacy, just let them know at the door.

This is one of the few Costco pharmacy locations in town that does immunizations- I recommend calling ahead to be sure they have what you need in stock. What's even better is that you'll save money here! For Hep B, MMR, and TDAP, prices averaged $20 less EACH compared to CVS/Walgreens, which really adds up.

As with the rest of Costco, the pharmacy can get backed up and the line seems to go slowly, but drop off your 'scripts and wander around to munch some samples and the time will fly by."
"Sushi + karaoke + underwater decor = what's not to love?!
In addition to private karaoke studios, raised booths, light-up tables, and the sushi bar are all available, and there's also a beer pong area if you're into that sort of thing. Menu has a variety of raw items, cooked items, and a $45 omakase option.
 
ICE CREAM BEER: No, it's not a beer float, more like a Sapporo beer slushie. The beer foam is frozen on top of a large glass. Fun and refreshing, even if you're not usually a beer fan. 
GARLIC POTATOES: A little underwhelmed, but well-executed. Seemed to be missing the garlic sauce, just topped with some chopped herbs. Simple, crispy.
CRAB JALAPENO POPPERS: Tasty! It's a slightly-healthier version of your favorite bar snack. Not spicy, for all you wimps out there.
SASHIMI PLATTER: $18 plate of 8 types of sashimi, with marinated beef and chopped fish, served with miso soup and rice. Filling portion for one or easily shared and split with a roll, like we did. Fresh, flavorful, and good variety. I especially liked the salmon belly, black pepper seared tuna, and the hamachi wrapped with red onion.
BEND IT LIKE BECKHAM ROLL: I gotta love a place with fun names for their rolls! 5 types of fish with eel and ponzu sauce. Despite the abundance of ingredients, flavor seemed to be missing something. Would try more rolls here, though.
SUZUYA GREEN TEA CAKE: All desserts are fresh daily from Suzuya, and the green tea cake is definitely one of their best offerings. Got ours comped to go, which was a nice treat!

In addition to the fresh fish and flavors, I really dig the ambiance and service: management, bar staff, and servers all made a point of interacting with us and being on top of dish recommendations. All dishes are plated beautifully, too. Glad we live close by, would love to see them add more special rolls to the menu."
"One of the larger antiques stores- conveniently located by the Coffee Cup café, if you have a wait for a table you can mosey over here to browse. Lots of different themed rooms to narrow down what you're looking at.

While the prices I saw were mostly reasonable, it is worth mentioning that not all of the items were what I would consider ""antique"" or even ""vintage""- the purse selection in particular had random Guess bags and one emblazoned with a the word FETISH, encrusted in rhinestores... some areas of the store have more of a consignment feel to them than the curated-selection of some others, like the Christmas theme room."
"Canters is just a few minutes from my work and has been on my radar since they opened, but I've held off on visiting til they worked out the kinks cited in most of the initial reviews, slow service and high prices. It appears that they've tweaked the menu and most prices are now fairly reasonable, and a group meal here went well but service still seems to be an issue despite ample staffing.

SANDWICHES: 
For the classic options, expect about $9 for a half, $17 for a full, stacked like Pamela Anderson. I recommend the Rachel, on rye. But I came for the Franklyn (now named ""The Best Damn Egg Sandwich""), with steamed brisket, grilled & raw onions, melted cheese, and an egg, on an Everything bagel, plus a side, originally ~$14 now down to a reasonable $10. Sando was huge, filling, and delicious, with fresh-popped yolk drizzled into the melty cheese and plentiful, tender beef. Couldn't finish the top half of the bagel, or the side of fruit, sandwich was huge, would get again.

NOT SANDWICHES:
Other reviews say that their famous pickles are served free upon seating but that wasn't our experience, ordered a half sour plate and they were solid with a mix of pickles and tomatoes. The surprise hit dish was the house-made chips with pastrami, blue cheese, and honey, for a flavor bomb of crispy-chewy, salty-sweet, shareable and reasonably priced at $8. Most orders come with a side of coleslaw, potato salad, or mac salad- the last one was the best choice. Looking forward to coming back for the latkes. Tempted by their Smoked Fish Planks, but disappointed to see they're served on regular plates and not the classic wooden planks as advertised. 

BAKERY: 
Use your Yelp check in for a free black & white the size of your face! They're huge and comparable to that other deli up the street. Everything in the bakery case is comically huge, like softball-sized cupcakes. Planning to return for their bagel chips, which were bagged on display throughout the dining room. Did not see rainbow cookies on either visit. 

SERVICE:
For our initial group visit, service was friendly but odd. I expected a wait on Sunday morning but they were empty, yet the hostess stand was unmanned and it took a while to be seated. Our server was polite and friendly but somewhat slow and inattentive (didn't offer takeout boxes, did not split bill, didn't check on us after food was served, didn't get water refills, etc). Used counter to get their bagel and coffee combo on my way into work and staff did not seem used to taking orders?"
"PROS:
+ Open 24 hours, great for their movie-theater-adjacent location.
+ Birria is available daily, instead of just on weekends as at other spots.
+ Large, well-stocked salsa bar has everything from salsa cups to sharing plates to plasticware, in addition to the obvious salsas and pickled veggies.
+ Lunch specials available til 4PM.

CONS:
-More expensive than similar spots. Expect $9 for your burrito, if you want anything other than onion and cilantro in it, and an extra $2.25 just to make it ""wet"" style. All items are a good buck or two more than they need to be, and the quality isn't any higher.
-The birria was super dry. 
-You have to ask the cashier for napkins?! None are given out with your order, you have to ask for them. Ridiculous and inconvenient."
"For $3/slice, it's not bad. Given the price and the location (in Boulder Station casino), you might want to scale back your expectations, but it's pretty solid for grabbing something unhealthy if you're already here. Cheese tastes real, choice of toppings available. 

Prepare yourself, though- the pizza is kept heated by lamps, and they don't toss it in an oven to heat up before serving as at other places. They simply plate it from the display. At least prices are good though- if a slice isn't enough carbs for you, add on garlic knots, 3/$1."
"It's a movie theater. I somehow thought the Town Square location made it more likely to be a higher-end ""luxury"" theater, but it was fairly basic. There is an on-site bar that has not been open either of the times I've visited.

Auditoriums have stadium seating, which I don't particularly like. Layout of most theaters features a small side section of paired-off seats, which I actually do like. Haven't had any service issues while here. 

Weekend matinee prices are $7.99/adult; evening prices closer to $11."
"I didn't even know this place was here! What a weird location for such a cool spot. Came for a yoga event, stayed for the beer. The bartender is super friendly and they have a variety of brews on draft- their own as well as some other local and small distribution beers. Their Old Jackalope (10%+, seasonal) was strong and tasty, and I also enjoyed an orange-vanilla accented IPA.

I love that they have patio seating, but the interior is really nice. The bathrooms are really pretty too (weird, I know). Note that they don't serve any food (but feature various visiting trucks), have several events (check social media!) and don't allow anyone in under 21 (seems obvious, but don't bring your kids). Also a huge plus: this location is non-smoking!"
"Damn good coffee! The iced Americano, no cream/milk, is my go-to and it'll keep me going for days. Atmosphere is coffee-house-meets-record-store, with live events like poetry readings and open mic nights.

Menu items are more upscale than you might expect, with a price tag to match. $6 baguette pizzas are a good option, but so far I've held back from trying the $5 deviled eggs- mostly because the version one block over at Carson Kitchen is my favorite.

Service is friendly, seating is comfortable, maybe take ear plugs when they have loud music because the acoustics/volume are loud in the small space."
"The only thing I can rave about here is the portabello fries- they're incredible. Thick slices of mushroom, lightly battered, and served with a great creamy dipping sauce. Definitely start your meal off with an order.

But everything else had issues, including the service.
Lobster bisque was delicate to the point of bland, and tasted more of clams than lobster. Wedge salad was fine, bleu cheese crumbles were so small that it was hard to eat on the salad and most was left behind on the plate. Lamb chops were cooked perfectly to medium-rare, as ordered, and nicely seasoned, but were very fatty, with a thick rind of gristle on each piece. 

Service was polite, but I don't like how I was charged to purchase a side when I subbed a vegetable for the included potato. Server said there'd be a small fee, which I'm fine with- instead, I was rung up for a full side order and simply didn't receive one with my meal. If you can't do substitutions, just say so. I guess they're trying to pad the bill since there were only four tables on a Friday night."
"This is hands down the coldest coffee shop I've been in- I mean that both literally and figuratively. Popped in after a 5K downtown and was freezing during my short visit, both from the inside temperature and blasting AC as well as the frosty service.

As others have said, this place has potential. It's a great location, but they really miss the (admittedly limited) morning crowd by not opening til 9PM. Their rear door is covered up by wooden fold-out doors covered with concert ads- I guess this is meant to be part of their ""industrial"" style, but it just makes the location look like it's still under construction. 

Menus are available on clipboards at the front counter. Not sure why there isn't a posted menu? Service was not welcoming (completely silent except for taking my order, they were the only employee and I was the only customer), and though the variety of magazines on display is impressive, it is unclear whether customers are allowed to read them or if they're just for purchase."
"With three women behind the counter, it was odd that I wasn't greeted or addressed in any way for a few minutes. And when I was, it was with a blunt, ""What do you want to order?"" from a blonde with BRF (bitchy resting face).

Went with the beetaccino recommended by Elizabeth B. Beautiful color with some chunks of coffee bean crumbles, but flavor didn't wow me. For $11, it should- everything at Juice Standard does, and they actually smile. 

Service was friendlier to a regular who walked in and striked up conversation with the girls working. They responded pleasantly enough, and it was cool to watch an aloe vera drink being prepared, but the three other (non-regular?) customers were treated as I was, with the bare minimum of eye contact, conversation and service.

My drink was plopped on the counter and Blondie walked away without saying a word. I called out a bright, ""thanks!"" as I picked it up and was treated to a smirk. I added a ""have a nice day?"" for good measure, and got a reluctant, ""yeah you too.""
Wish I could take back my cash tip.

TIP: Location is tiny and setup is odd. Be careful walking in, as the ordering counter is literally RIGHT inside the door and you might trample someone. Or just end up standing in the doorway awkwardly."
"Very mixed feelings about this bank. For starters, it's fairly unorganized- there is no one inside to let you know where to sign up if you need to meet with a banker, for starters. A clipboard sign in sheet gets passed around but isn't very obvious for first-time visitors. I stood in the line for tellers before being told where the sign in sheet was. Then waited 40 minutes to speak with someone.
On a MONDAY. At 3PM.

I came in because I received a mailed promo card about getting a cash bonus for opening an account. I mentioned this to the employee who helped me, and she was familiar with it, but was unable to actually honor the promotion without the document. Rather than chalk it up to a wasted hour of my day, I went ahead and opened the account with the understanding that if I bring in the document ASAP, ""and the code goes through"", it should be honored. I'm not holding my breath, but I will be waiting to find it before opening a savings account here.

Lackluster customer service aside, the location itself is clean and apparently well-placed, as it was very, very, very busy. I went with the Total Checking account, with a monthly fee of $12 that is waived when you meet any of three conditions, including direct deposit totaling $500 or more, or maintaining a certain minimum or daily balance. 

The account seems like it will meet my needs and replace an existing checking account tI am canceling because the bank chain does not have physical locations here. I like that it came with a debit card access (available in a variety of designs, some of which are Disney-themed and come with store/park benefits), online banking, and free brand ATM access- which my previous bank always charged for. 

I am seriously considering going elsewhere (as in another location) for service though- this place needs to step up their game."
"It's a sale weekend, and the store was a little on the disorganized side. For as much promotion as they were doing for their clearance sales, they didn't have much selection and what they did have was very unorganized.

I don't like the new floor layouts that they use for most locations (and here), with the smaller entry way and the registers in the front middle. It's just very awkward and clunky, and I dislike it more and more.

Selection even for non-clearance material was dismal- ON used to be very well-made, whether simple basics or more on-trend pieces, but lately quality seems lacking. Here, the majority of their pants were boot-cut and those that weren't were faded wash, which is almost rare to see. Jean prices for this brand keep going up to a near-$35 average but quality is super low- tried on a few different styles, and fit was not flattering, sizes were inconsistent across styles, and denim was lower quality than they used to stock and had little to not stretch to them.

I primarily came for dresses, after getting several emails advertising their new lines for the spring/summer, only to find the bare minimum in stock in store and most store selection (for both dresses and clearance) were either in XS/S or XL, sizes 0 and 2 OR sizes 16, 18, and 20. Guess Vegas has a lot of mediums, or they just don't bother to order/stock the most popular sizes.

Frustrating shopping experience. Spent about $30 on a handful of shirts and some flip flops, was willing to spend a lot more to really stock my summer wardrobe but there was nothing worth getting. If this is what all of the Old Navy stores are like in this city, no wonder they're so few and far between.

Extra star for friendly staff. The ladies in charge of the fitting rooms were polite and quick, and the guy I got at checkout was friendly and asked about my day, keeping up chatter during the payment process. The line was quite slow considering there were 4 cashiers though."
"I live in the area and have had my eye on this place, stopped by on my way out of town for lunch with my BF. Ordered the carne guisada plate and 2 pupusas (pork and shrimp). One other customer present when we ordered, waiting for takeout. Wait was a little long, all was made to order right behind the register at an exceptionally slow pace- 20 minutes for the two of us. I doubt their ability to handle more than a small family ordering at once.

Pupusas (which they're apparently known for) were bland and had little to no meat evidenced in the flavor or composition of the pupusas. Disappointed.

Carne guisada though, I haven't seen on a menu since I left Texas! Here it's made with stewed tomatoes, which is a little different than the gravy sauce I am more accustomed to but tasty nonetheless. Rice was moist and flavorful, beans were downright velvety! Plate was served with additional plain pupusas instead of tortillas as menu stated, bf thought they were overly thick and tasteless.

Props for having one of my favorite dishes on the menu. Underwhelmed with service speed and lack of understanding the English language- cashier should be able to successfully greet patrons and take an order in language of this community not just  the one the food is from."
"Restaurant name and exterior signage implies that they serve Mediterranean food and are located on a corner. Neither of these things are actually true. During lunch they offer a buffet, but during dinner hours, the main menu has a handful of Mediterranean dishes (falafel app, shawarma plates and pitas) but is mostly Indian dishes?

It was a challenge to order a basic Greek salad with protein, because there was a language barrier and the cashier was unfamiliar with the menu. Every question I asked, he would take to the kitchen staff for an answer, then come back still unable to answer my question.

My simple order for a Greek salad ($9 on menu, no description, apparently w/o protein?) plus lamb was rang up as a shawarma plate ($14) and all sides were substituted for the salad. No dressing, flatware, napkins, or pita were included with my takeout order. Tasted just fine but definitely overpriced.

This spot should consider a name change to reflect that the namesake kabobs and Mediterranean cuisine do not describe the  majority of the menu offerings.

NOTE: menu states all dine in orders are charged 15% service fee. Maybe if staff were trained, you wouldn't have to force customers to tip."
"I'm pretty sure the cold brew I grabbed here is the best cold brew I've had- and it's from a truck. I added peppermint flavoring and it was the perfect punch of flavor. Brew was strong and cold, flavors were bright, drink was energizing and refreshing after a 5K. 

Service at the truck was friendly, the line moved fast, and the prices were reasonable. In addition to hot, cold, and blended coffee beverages, they also have smoothies and snacks. Check out the Dragon Balls!

I do not know where this truck regularly parks, but I'm definitely keeping them in mind for an upcoming work event and will be stalking them on social media to try to find them again soon!"
"Solid bakery with tasty products- beware walking in that their pastry case is very limited and the majority of their business is wholesale and special order.

Spoke extensively with cashier/owner, who explained business history including location changes. Very friendly guy, but they get little foot traffic and focus their energies on custom cakes, particularly wedding cakes.

Saw a few on display waiting for pickup and was there to see an order of bachelorette party cupcakes (featuring frosting-dripping phalluses) get picked up, seems they're able to do a wide variety of work.

Slim pickings for walk-in order, but they have a menu for salads and sandwiches.
Picked a fruit tart, almond tart, and some truffles that were all well done: perfect tart bases, delicious filling and fresh fruit, delicate flavors, aesthetically pleasing. Would go again, and pricing is good (total came to an even $4, per-item prices weren't listed or discussed), would call ahead before popping in on future visits."
"F&E is a favorite grocery chain of mine- and we have many to choose from in the Vegas Valley. First fell in love with the store in California, then the company was bought out and closed several locations, and I was happy to find this one within a few blocks of my work today.

What stands out about this location is the friendly staff- for a place that has barely any employees and all self-checkout, I often come to expect no interaction with store staff. But here? I was greeted upon entry, checked on once during my visit as I looked for an item, and was thanked as I left.

Store layout is the same as other F&E's, making it easy to find the clearance rack and the essential items you came in for- though the majority of my time is always spent scouring the refrigerated cases for discount stickers. Love how all locations start marking premade items, produce, and meats the day before or day of their sale expiration- just wish I knew when they put the stickers out!

Side note about this location in particular: they actually have an in-store bakery, which I have yet to see in other locations. Bread/bakery section is larger here because of this, which is nice, though I don't buy those items.

Also of note: the parking closest to the store entrance is divided between Hybrid car-specific spaces and families with children spaces, as indicated by signage. Found this odd and a slight bit infuriating (well, the hybrid cars thing- I can support safer parking for kiddos), given the astronomical heat we get in this city. But whatever.

Great markdowns, in-store juices, presence and friendliness of staff? All good!
Join their friends program with email coupons- hate having to print them (so old school!) but they're good value, up to $3 off (obviously not applicable to mark-down prices). 
One of my favorite items here is the sweet onion cashews, definitely pick up a bag to try!"
"Charming service with refreshing shaved ice treats served with a smile and an awesome price at a local farmer's market, out of a trailer no less! The bright colors of the Frozen Frog grabbed my attention and my business right away.

Opted for the small Rio Grande Frog combination (blue coconut and banana shaved ice with a gummy frog candy)- with Yelp check in, your $3 purchase goes down to $2. Appreciated that they honored the check in discount even though I was unable to check in due to distance, since the address on their page is wrong (they are mobile).

Tasty treat is enormous and delicious- flavor syrups are homemade, and the combination of blue coconut and banana tasted just like a trip to the pool!"
"With so many great coffee shops in Vegas, Skimos isn't currently up to par to play with the big dogs. Even with this place bookmarked, I had to keep my eyes peeled to see their limited signage and the interior is on the plain side. Staff were friendly but unable to make much in the way of recommendations, nothing stands out here. An iced soy latte was decent but not worth crossing town for. Highly suggest they unwrap the goods in the pastry case, which makes it look like they just purchased everything from CostCo. I'd stop by if crunched for time and craving caffeine in the area, but only out of convenience."
"From the outside, I didn't expect the interior to look so classy- gorgeous namesake chandelier is the highlight of the dining room, bar area is quite nice as well. Décor reminds me of Alice in Wonderland with upscale-tea-party dishes and some garden figurines, some private seating areas available for groups.

Best for lunch or drinks and apps, rather than dinner IMO.
Almost didn't order the CRISPY GNOCCHI because I'm not a fan of that pasta in general, but the positive reviews persuaded me and the pesto sauce won me over: good combination of flavors and textures in this dish.
PORTOBELLO FRIES are simple and tasty with two dipping sauces, GRILLED OCTOPUS is perfectly charred but would prefer an even portion to the set of three received, hard to share. SEARED DIVER SCALLOPS are delightful, but deceptively plated with crispy rice cakes that look like additional scallops. The lemon beurre blanc is the perfect sauce for this dish.
Steer clear of the LOBSTER BRUSCHETTA though- recommended by our server, this dish was a disaster that put me off finishing my meal. Menu describes it as lobster, avocado, and mango (neither of which we even detected), in a cream-cheese aioli, on toasts. It reminded me of a really bad country club's version of seafood salad. Pairing seafood with cheese is tricky, this dish does not do it well.

Good wine and cocktail selection, the Justin Cab or the two sparkling by-the-glass options are solid, but frankly I'm baffled as to why the menu has so few glass options in the first place. Service was polite and attentive, love the variety of seating options."
"Worst check-in experience of my life. 
Reserved a cheap car for a good price using Hotwire, only to come in and find a line of twenty people waiting on two slow-as-molasses employees. The customer service here was deplorable! 
In addition to being painfully slow, no attempt whatsoever was made to explain, apologize, or in any way acknowledge the growing line of vocally unhappy customers. As a result, more and more people left the line and went to get cars elsewhere, cancelling their reservations for free by phone due to the situation. I was nearly at this point, but the line didn't take so long after half of the people left- however, it was still at least an hour of standing.

What was most irritating about this place, was that besides putting the slowest possible employees on register, there were other employees present who did not get on and help! There were 17 computers at the counter (yes, I counted) and again, only TWO people working, despite an original line of TWENTY people. 
Throughout the wait, THREE other employees (two older white guys and one lady) came out from the back and helped the two register-bound employees with a problem, but only one (the lady) ever got on and helped out herself. And even then, she assisted one person, then me, before leaving to ""go pick up a customer service call"" in the back. I don't know if she was the manager or what, but when we asked, her explanation for the delay was that five people didn't show up. I want to note here that she gave an explanation, but not an apology, which would have been easy enough to do considering the whole situation.

Luckily the car worked just fine, and checking in was a lot faster, but the initial customer service (or lack thereof) that we received completely put me off of using this rental service again.
Also, I want to note that other reviews here as well as other people in line stated that this particular counter is ALWAYS understaffed, so it seems doubtful that the ""five people didn't show up"" excuse is even true. Upon turning the car back in after our rental, this counter again had the longest line (though shorter this time) and still only one or two employees working. I don't understand how it's possible to be consistently short-staffed when every person in line had made reservations to pick up a car with a specific TIME AND DATE.

Short version: it may be cheap, but it's not worth it. Never again! :("
"I liked this place so much, I did 2 rooms in one day. Seriously. They have high quality rooms and great discounts, including industry nights (Mon & Tues, $20pp) and giveaways. They also give back to the community and host fundraisers! Plus their staff are great, especially Cheyenne.

Originally came in with Roger T and his family, who had an extra space in their group. We successfully made it out of the Jungala room, riffing on Jumanji. After completing our room, we got discount codes for future visits so I brought the BF for date night. Unfortunately, we got stuck on the last part of the Alcatraz room and didn't make it out- that room was difficult, especially with just 2 people, but Cheyenne was great about providing support and explaining where we went wrong.

The rooms themselves are extremely well done for an immersive experience. They have 7 total rooms, including a Game of Thrones theme room and another that reminds me of the Hunger Games. The pricing is fairly reasonable, regularly $32/pp with various discounts and promos. Great for a group birthday or work team building activity."
"Lured over here by Bethany's review, I came for a date night with my guy and was pleasantly surprised to see this upscale steakhouse spot attached to the Galleria mall- complete with valet parking.

FILET MIGNON SASHIMI: Surprisingly tasty and imaginative! I have no idea why this spot has sushi on their menu, but this dish bridges the sushi and steak offerings in a clever way with a seared presentation served on a mountain of wasabi potatoes. I enjoyed this way more than I thought I would.
CHOP SALAD: Generous portion, easily sharable. Toppings include garbanzo beans, tomatoes, cheese, bacon (maple glazed and spiced with Cayenne?), and avocado. 
HERB CRUSTED ROASTED CHICKEN BREAST: Despite coming here based on a review for the stuffed chicken breast, I ended up opting for this version. The mushroom cream sauce is delicious, I just wish there was more of it. Portion is huge, given sides are wild rice and glazed carrots. I subbed the mac for the rice since that dish is rarely remarkable anywhere. The carrots were tasty but the glaze gets into every other component and adds an unnecessary maple sweetness to everything it touches. Maybe side these separately.
FIVE CHEESE MACARONI: An indulgent baked version with penne pasta, ample creamy sauce included. I'm not generally a fan of baked macs because they tend to be dry, but this version was exceptional. 
NY STRIP STEAK: Because you gotta order at least one steak at a steak house. Got the wet-aged at the suggestion of our server, it was nicely crusted and cooked to a perfect medium-rare. Side of asparagus was tasty, sauce and other add-ons (bleu cheese, onions, mushrooms, etc.) are unnecessary. Meat was super tender and full of flavor.

We were so full even with takeout boxes that we opted against dessert, but they have a large selection. They offer half-off wine by the bottle on Wednesdays, which we may have to come back to try. Note that they also have a selection of wine on tap! Service from Neil was attentive and knowledgeable, with plenty of suggestions- request him specifically.

TIP: They have a ""piano hour"" (their version of HH) with app and drink specials on the patio, lounge, and bar area. Worth a shot for light bites."
"Came in for a quiet Sunday breakfast with the BF. Location dining room is clean and well-decorated with bright and cheerful colors, and the fresh fruit salads and parfaits on display in the refrigerated case are eye-catching and make a good healthy impulse purchase.

BF works nights and is a heavy eater in the AM, while I usually don't have an appetite at all until the afternoon. He opted for the grilled chicken sandwich from the Lighter Side section of the menu ($13) while I kept it simple with a peachberry smoothie- wish the calorie count for the smoothies was listed, too, as I found it odd they weren't listed in the Lighter Side section, but the fresh-squeezed juices were, with counts.

My smoothie came out first and was flavorful and mostly creamy, just a touch icy. Portion was good, and I liked that it came with the domed bubble lid, so that the portion was not cut short by snapping on the flat lids as they are often served elsewhere. Nothing more annoying than seeing a giant, fresh smoothie being poured from the blender, only to have a heap of it get tossed out because it doesn't fit in my cup!

BF's sandwich was next- plated with a side salad with balsamic dressing. Salad veggies were fresh and dressing tasted homemade. The sandwich though, we had mixed feelings about: it was topped with grilled veggies (eggplant and roasted peppers?), and the veggies themselves were delicious. The chicken was in two small, flat pieces and was fairly dry. While the flavor was fairly good, this simply was not a $13 value for a sandwich. What we received did not justify the price. Having seen the product, this is not something I would pay over about $8 for.

I love to support local businesses, and especially ones that offer healthy options, but it really frustrates me to see places jumping on green/healthy trend and jacking up prices an unreasonable degree when their product doesn't justify it."
"These guys are fast and talented. They definitely know what they're doing, and won't just print what you request without verifying that it will look good. Staff is a team of graphic designers rather than people trained to push buttons and collect your money.  Pixelation issues do not happen here. Have ordered several banners and signs, turnaround is quick, prices are reasonable, and quality is great."
"Used Triple J for a charter bus trip to Knott's Berry Farm for an 8th grade trip- pricing was comparable and competitive with others in the area, they were able to accommodate a request for an additional bus with very late notice, which we appreciated rather than having to turn away last-minute students.

Ride itself was smooth, drivers were fine though 2 of 3 were a bit standoffish and didn't talk at all throughout our trip. Guess they don't want to deal with 8 hours of hyper teenagers, I get that.

Trip home had a bit of a surprise- I was in the second bus of three, and we started going especially slow at one point and pulled over at a truck stop for a while. Chalked it up to the drivers having some sort of break requirement based on the amount of time spent driving. 
Later found out that the real reason we stopped was due to a window on the first bus being shattered- riders heard a bang as a rock hit the glass, and it spiderwebbed out but the glass stayed in place. We pulled over to make sure it was still safe to drive and made our way home.

Props to the staff for not getting the group riled up about the issue and for taking the necessary safety precautions before continuing our trip."
"Considering fried rice is their namesake dish, I was distinctly underwhelmed by the one I tried.

PROS:
The fresh-made egg on top of the rice is a nice touch. Service is polite, space is very clean, portions are more than generous considering the low prices.  Many will appreciate that you can customize your fried rice, such as without egg, or adding french fries (which I was asked upon ordering and found bizarre).

CONS: 
Fried rice is on the plain side, consists mostly of bulk-purchase peas and carrots.  But  the hefty shake of black pepper tossed on my order was awful and off-putting, it didn't make the dish spicy, just peppery and unappealing.
The curry chicken was okay- curry sauce that didn't have much heat or flavor. Disliked the large amount of peas and carrots that seemed to be incorporated into the curry."
"Small gift shop featuring trinkets and candles, picture frames and optimistic phrases printed on various surfaces. 
Frankly, this seemed like a place old ladies might shop. In addition to the unorganized, oddball gift selections they also offer custom order invitations. Didn't see a particular brand they carried and they didn't appear to do them in-house by hand, but had several samples out to view.

Prices are all over the place with various baskets of junk marked with clearance prices and high regular prices on items I can't imagine buying. Very bizarre selection."
"This is my go-to spot for dropping off returns with a provided shipping label (Amazon, B&N, etc). Service here is quick and courteous, but have your package ready to drop off: if you need to have a label attached or a box taped shut, they will charge you to do so. Never had any issue with this place being busy and when I've called, they always pick up pretty quick."
"What a fun little AYCE sushi spot! Sit at the bar in the back, it's covered with Japanese toys and trinkets to play with and talk about. The menu is surprisingly vegetarian-friendly, with several standard and special veggie-only rolls!

But I came for real sushi. The nigiri was okay, everything seemed fresh enough. The list of rolls is extensive, and I appreciate that you can order half rolls if you want. The dishes and rolls were ordered were fine but nothing especially stood out- I typically avoid rolls with cream cheese but I would especially do so here, as they're heavy-handed with it.

The sushi chef who was helping us was nice and laid back, to the point that he forgot a couple of our rolls. I really liked the atmosphere here but I think they need to step up the sushi a bit."
"$3/cupcake and worth it- be sure to get a filled version like the Show Off (dulce de leche!) or Summer Nights. The cake is good and moist without being too sweet and I like the unique frosting flavors, but they are a little rich. The Wonderland's orange blossom cream cheese frosting manages to get it just right though. 

Location decor is fun and over the top, and though the store focuses on cupcakes they seem to do great work with custom cakes as well. Extra kudos for owners Stephen and Jared being involved in the community, my first visit was for their Orlando Pulse fundraiser- cupcakes were discounted to $2 and all proceeds were donated (over $10K!)."
"Placed an order for pickup, and either they filled it incorrectly or their sauces just don't have much flavor. The combo bowl (pork, beef, shrimp) is sufficiently fresh but I opted for spicy garlic sauce and it didn't taste spicy or garlicky, and seemed to be a regular light teri glaze instead. The shrimp and veggies were fresh, which is a plus. The $2 upcharge for brown rice is annoying, but slightly offset by their ""2 free egg rolls with bowl purchase"" offer online. I guess I expected it to be a bit better."
"I'm gonna be honest- I rarely buy anything here that doesn't have one of those manager markdown stickers on it. Frankly the full price on most things is just shy of ""too high"" for me, but I love getting a good bargain. Now I just need to find out who to befriend to find out what time they start tagging!

Lots of premade stuff here, love how the nutrition info is right on the front of the package and easy to understand. Dislike that meat, when marked down, usually looks like it's not safe to eat (brownish tinge to ground beef). This location also has lots of bakery items that are still super fresh.

What made this location stand out from the rest is the customer service. As in, it actually exists! A chain known for cutting costs by not having staff actually had a guy greeting at the door- and at 10PM no less. I was impressed.

Favorite items include the pesto hummus, bistro salad kit, flatbreads, spice grinders, fresh juices, and their seafood."
"Not my preferred poke bowl spot in town, but it's the lone option currently available to northsiders. Menu offers DIY bowls and burritos, but I found that the fish wasn't quite as fresh as other places and they were a bit more stingy with toppings/portions than other places with a comparable price point.

I usually build my own bowl, and here the large is $11.50 for three scoops. Glad they offer greens and brown rice as base options. The girl who helped me carefully made sure the protein scoop was perfectly level and even knocked some out before putting it in the bowl, which seemed unnecessary. I like how this spot has several sauce options, but I really didn't care for the wasabi yuzu, which overpowered everything it touched (as did the red onion I added), and the rice wasn't that great- a little dry? Note that options like avocado, masago, and crab are extra. 

The bowl I created was good, but my guy was less impressed with his. Service was fairly friendly and helpful, but I do wish that the toppings section toward the end of the line was labelled- I would have added on seaweed salad had I noticed it."
"Hashi is the newest ramen house to enter the Vegas game for the best noods! They stand out by having a lighter, chicken-based broth that keeps this classic dish from feeling quite so heavy and filling. The house special shio was a good lunch choice with added egg and nori. They offer a black garlic oil add-on that sounds amazing ($1). However, they only have thin noodles and I prefer a thicker cut. Also, their chashu is inconsistent, containing more fat than edible protein and not being as tender as elsewhere. Fast and friendly but not my first pick."
"Stellar deli- wish I'd checked the reviews here before going, because I would have ordered differently. That being said, I still enjoyed everything I did get!

BF and I worked hard moving into our new apartment and worked up an appetite- rushed to Heidi's for sustenance. We each got a sandwich and swapped halves to share: the Transplanted New Yorker on marble rye was his choice while the Salmon Melt on french was mine. Both came with pickles and cups of potato salad. 
I'm not a big spice fan but the NY was a good kind of spicy- it snuck up on you! Each bite started out mild and built up in eat for a spicy aftertaste. Bread was soft, meat was plentiful, and the avocado was a nice creamy touch.
The Salmon Melt was delish- I'm picky about warm salmon (I prefer it as sashimi) but the flavors were spot on. Add in the spicy cajun sauce and it had a good kick to it that added the much-needed ""extra something"" that a lot of salmon sandwiches lack.

The pickle was a great bit of cool flavor after the spicy sandwiches, and the potato salad was with red potatoes- which is so much better than regular mustard/mayo potato salad. Red potatoes make the salad so much better, no clue why. Maybe it's all in my head.

In any case, the sandwiches are effing huge- the half sandwich lunch combo would be a perfect meal, but with the half-and-half swap the BF and I did, neither of us completely finished. Which is a good thing. I could only manage about 3/4ths of each and it's the only meal I ate for the day. 
The meal for both of us, with tax, came to a total of $20- awesome pricing for phenomenal portion sizes, great value.

Also worth a mention? The staff is badass. Super friendly and polite, cool guys. Had recommendations and suggestions, and even offered to make a half pastrami and half corned beef sandwich for the BF in the future. We'll definitely be back- the breakfast burrito, crab cake, and eggplant parm all need to be in my life. As do the soups!"
"Great spot to hit up on your way to (or from) the nearby Tropicana theater! Menu includes Mexican street dogs and several snack/dessert options like raspas, ice cream, and prepackaged chips and candies. Convenient for those who want to smuggle in their own concessions to the movies.

Tried the Mexicali Dog, with plenty of toppings. There is also the option to build your own. I was treated to a sample of the vanilla raspa, which was extremely sweet. They do offer spicy versions with chile and tabasco, as well as additional condensed milk and other toppings.

Ownership is very friendly. Interior is small, with two tables for dining in- more of a grab and go kind of spot. Hours are currently unlisted and flexible, but they generally close around 8PM. This spot is a bit hard to see from the street, but located behind the gas station at Tropicana and Pecos."
"Lucked into free tickets to last night's show- was seated in the front row, to the right of the stage. Face value of ticket was $70, which seems about right. 

The featured acts from last night were as follows:
Madonna- singer doesn't really sound like her, very forced and doesn't seem to do too much singing, but I could be wrong. Impressive costume changes, but the singer does not look like Madonna until the ""Like a Virgin"" part. I did like that she interacted quite a bit with the audience.

Michael Buble- guy bears a passing resemblance to the singer he's impersonating, and has a good voice, too. Not on part with the real thing, but hey, this is Vegas. Loved this set, probably my favorite of the evening, especially ""I Just Haven't Met You Yet"" and ""Home"". Wouldn't mind seeing this guy again.

Michael Jackson- despite many reviews here saying this performer was the best by far, I disagree. The resemblance is uncanny and his dance moves are amazing though, I will say. Maybe I'm just not that much of an MJ fan. It was obvious that he was doing very little singing, a lot of lip syncing, and mostly just providing the extra noises and grunts, etc to go along with the music, and little of the actual singing. The dancing though was very impressive. I'm glad ""Thriller"" was done, and ""Billy Jean"" was better than I would have expected.

Elvis- great hair on this guy, good voice and dance moves, too. Felt that this performer was better than the one from All Shook Up at the V Theater, though this performance obviously has a much higher budget. Did a sampling of all the great hits, including most memorably ""Blue Suede Shoes"" and ""Heartbreak Hotel"".

All in all, it was a decent show- the dancers really made the music come alive, even when the audio wasn't that great or the performer did not seem to be singing live."
"In a nondescript and slightly run down shopping plaza is this lovely French-themed gem of a bakery- sandwiches, soups, and more breads, pastries, and desserts than you can shake a stick at!

I'm on a somewhat-healthy kick, so on today's visit I steered clear of the baked goods.. I mean, aside from the baguette my sandwich was served on. What kind of heathen do you take me for?!

Ordered the full size pastrami sandwich and a cappuccino, shared with the BF.
Order came out quickly and was better than expected- pastrami is not a thick, heaping portion, but a thinner, sparser portion that is packed with flavor. The baguette is soft and crispy in the appropriate places, and the condiments were house-made: I'm not a mayonnaise fan, but I'd bathe myself in this stuff. It was fresh and delicious, and the condiments really did make a difference.
The sandwich was served alongside a small salad of mixed greens, red onion, tomato, and a house dressing- again, a delicious condiment. Whoever is in charge of concocting the sauces is a star! I inhaled the salad and left a scant bite or two for my guy. He was distracted by the sandwich.

Already I can say we'll be back- in fact, Sprout's double ad day (every Wednesday) may now also be our standing Bakery Date Night until we try all of the sandwiches. Next time we'll have the salami and ham with cheese, and we'll have to come in sooner to get a cup of soup- they were sold out by our late afternoon visit.

Oh, and the cappuccino was perfect. Good serving size, too."
"I didn't know Cuban pizza was a ""thing"" but apparently it is. And it's decently good. A touch greasier than usual, with a slightly denser dough and a buttery crust, I would almost liken it to Little Caesars style. 

Pizzas come in two sizes, indicated as CH(?) and G (grande?)- the smaller of the two is generally $6 with the larger size closer to $8.50. The small is a bargain, as it easily feeds two. Toppings available here include roasted red pepper, pepperoni, ham and pineapple, shrimp, and chorizo. The chorizo is my pick, chopped small but distributed well, salty but not too greasy. 

Service does not speak English, so go in prepared to use hand gestures as needed if you don't speak Spanish. Menu also offers Cuban coffees (cortado seems to be the favorite) and various pastries and cakes. Check the ""tips"" on the app, as the Yelp page hours are currently inaccurate."
"I have higher hopes for a place with Tony's name on it, but this counter failed to measure up to even an average mall food court. First visit got me a greasy pepperoni slice served with some of the rudest service. Was it a misguided attempt to add to the authenticity of the NYC experience? Don't know, didn't like it, or the slice.

Returned to try their $6 slice of the day, said to be a featured specialty pie. Phone calls to get info were unanswered, arrived to a basic pepperoni, sausage, and mushroom pizza. Opted instead for the CA Veggie slice ($5.50), which was happily packed with veggies but marred by a half-cooked crust that was so soggy my fingers sank through in places. Award-winning pies? I think not."
"Good experience so far with DirecTV. These days, there's a cable package to fit any budget, but I haven't bothered getting one for the past eight years or so- until I moved into my new apartment, which provides a free basic DirecTV package to all residents, with a simple $50 installation visit fee.

Called on a Tuesday and had someone out that Thursday morning, set a general morning appointment to stop by between 8AM-noon and the guy arrived around 9:30 and was gone, with my cable up and running, by 10.

He answered my questions, provided me with a userguide of tips and tricks, and helped me figure out the remote prior to leaving- and let me know which channel was ESPN!

No issues yet, and I don't anticipate any either- will definitely change this review to reflect if any come up, but based on my phone experience scheduling the visit and the tech who came to set up, work was professional, friendly, and quick.

Now if only the on-screen guide would just not show me all of the channels and shows/movies I'm missing out on! ;)"
"Relaxed and chill coffeehouse with a laid-back atmosphere and cool patio, decadent pastry case full of desserts, and high-quality coffee, all served up by genuine and friendly staff! What more could you ask for?

Vaguely reminiscent of Blue Bottle in SF, this place has the 90s coffeehouse  setting down pat. Menu has a lot of dessert-coffee drinks available along with high quality regular stuff. Opted for the chocolate cappuccino and the matcha latte, and asked the cashier what her favorite dessert was- I was eyeing the tiramisu or brownie parfaits. She gave me a look that said, ""No way, Jose!"" and immediately let me know that her favorites are the nutella or crunch bombs- but admitted she was a huge chocoholic.

Opted for the nutella bomb, a chocolate-covered dome with an accent chocolate on top, to accompany our drinks- all were out quickly. Chocolate capp was delicious, but not the best I've had in LV. Matcha latte was a unique drink, and I appreciated that it was not caffeinated and not too sweet, but did not feel it was worth the $6.25 price.

But the nutella bomb. Shut the front door.
I can't even describe it, but it was amazing. A chocolate-covered dome of white fluffy stuff and what seemed to be bits of chocolate cake, all on top of a thick, crunchy cookie-type wafer. It was heaven. So glad I split the order too- it appeared small but was very indulgent and probably a meal's worth of calories.
But I'd get it again."
"This quiet little neighborhood cafe has become a favorite spot for me to stop when in the area with time to kill. The location is small but nicely decorated with several 4 tops, I've never seen it too crowded but this isn't really a place for groups. They have good breakfast and lunch specials like omelets, salads, and sandwiches. I usually just pop in for a drink and their WiFi (pw: Tippsconnect), and I appreciate that they don't rush me out of there. Right now, the weather is perfect for sipping on a hot latte on their patio!"
"Michael Mina's take on upscale bar food at the MGM. Their HH pricing allows you to get a good sample of the menu's food and drinks for a discounted price, available 4-7PM daily including holidays!
Also, you're able to order from the HH menu TO-GO, which is unheard of elsewhere- and appreciated. 

LOBSTER GRILLED CHEESE $9; smallish sandwich served with a veritable mountain of seasoned fries. Combining cheese and seafood is always a little dicey in my book but this dish does it well. Sadly, the fries, though plentiful and visibly seasoned, lacked flavor and crisp. They also do not reheat well, consider yourself warned.

KOREAN PORK RIBS: $11, four ribs with gochujang glaze served with peanuts and mint. Or they're supposed to. Mine came sad and lonely on a plate with zero presentation. Admittedly I ordered them right before HH ended but presentation should still be consistent and the additional components likely would have made the dish much better. As it was, I wouldn't rush to order them again but did find them to be a bit meatier than expected. Flavor was one-note, sauce seemed to be sriracha-based, wouldn't order again.

CINNAMON HARLOT: $7 George Dickel rye whiskey simple syrup, cinnamon. A simple sipping drink, very strong, ordered on the rocks and got a cool boulder of ice in my glass. Not wanting to be plastered after one drink, I asked for it to be diluted with Sprite, which is apparently fairly common. Decent flavor but not something I'd get again.

SANGRIA: $8 red red wine, velvet falernum spiced rum, blackberry liqueur, lemon. It's rare for me to find a sangria I don't like, so I really enjoyed this drink much more than the Harlot. Fruity and strong with bold flavors, decent drink size too.

Service bumped up the score higher than the product alone- bartender was attentive and friendly, accommodated my HH order for takeout and fixed my drink to my liking. I'd come back for other apps or a burger in the future."
"Not impressed- I grew up with Albertsons stores in Texas, but they closed up and moved out around the time I hit middle school. When I moved to LV I was excited to be able to shop here again.

This location is severely lacking. It's old and dirty, not particularly well stocked or well staffed, and the prices on non-sale items can be a bit ridiculous compared to other places in the city.

Went by when I was on this side of town for a work training, around 8PM. Only one cashier available, Toni, who was openly griping about the job and the customers- TO HER CUSTOMERS. A bit ridiculous.

I grabbed a sale ad when I walked in the door but quite a few items on sale weren't even in stock or were low- only one case of Albersons' brand water, only one case of their house brand 18-count eggs, etc. 

The produce section is confusing, not well laid out, and inconvenient- I only spotted three plastic bag stations, and they were very spaced out, requiring me to go back and forth repeatedly across the entire area. Luckily I was the only person there.
But then when I wanted to double check the weight of my veggies, I notice there is only one functional scale to be found. Heaven forbid this place ever have more than five shoppers at once, it would be incredibly irritating.

Subtracting an additional star for the hella-gross rotisserie chicken and sides area, which was already broken down- the large pans with self-serve sides in them were scraped out and filled with water that looked and smelled old. No idea how early they must have broken that station down, but again- it was only 8PM when I went in. Went against my better judgement and got a rotisserie chicken for dinner, and it was small, dry, and had seen better days."
"I'm not from the Great White North and I've only had a few Americanized versions of poutine- I wouldn't know if the version served here is legit or not. But I can tell you that it is good.

The snack-size traditional poutine is amply sized and priced ($6) for the name, and comes with fresh, skin-on fries topped with layers of fresh cheese curds and a splash of gravy. I do like that they layered the toppings so the bottom half of the order was not dry and boring. The fries were sauced just right so they were nicely soft but not soggy. Flavor in the gravy itself was lighter than expected but still savory and enjoyable.

Props for having vegetarian options available! I'd opt to stick to the namesake traditional poutine dish here over others, because the rest of the menu contains cheese-fry, chili-fry, and taco-themed concoctions that seem more on par with a bar or fast food restaurant."
"NOTE: Yelp listing has this name, actual storefront says ""Big Noodle""? Not sure what the deal is, or if that's just a translation. Former space occupied by Island Malaysian #2, in the same building as Ichiza.

Now that that's out of the way...
Went in to grab takeout, was the only customer for dinner at 7PM on a weekday. Small order took literally half an hour to come out and the food was mediocre.

Ordered the steamed dumplings and lamb pancake. Dumplings were mushy, overcooked, and bland. Taste and appearance were identical to what you'd get frozen in a bag at the grocery store and boiling yourself. Pancake contained a small portion of flavorful lamb- too bad it was overshadowed by all the grease. Opened the takeout box to a puddle of oil. picked up the pancake and had it all over my hands, bit in and got a mouthful of it too. Gross!

Service was dismal at best. As the only customer, the wait time was unacceptable and no excuse or apology was given. I found it frustrating that the dumplings only come 10/order and cannot be mixed and matched with other flavors or styles. I thought it was a reasonable request, and possibly one they should consider in light of their lack of customers as a new business. Server barely spoke to me, not even when dropping off or picking up my bill."
"Used their grab and go counter for breakfast during a staycation at the Palms- nonfat latte and a parfait, ~$10. There only seemed to be one employee working for this business at 9AM on a weekday, which was odd. She also had zero personality, but maybe she's not a morning person.

Heads up that their grab and go counter items are made offsite by Sodexho. My $6 strawberry parfait was made with the most sour Greek yogurt I've ever tasted, not the vanilla the label indicated. Tossed most of it, unfortunately. Assorted danishes, fruit cups, muffins, and croissants round out their selection. They offer smoothies in addition to coffee-based beverages."
"Super-cheap Chinese eats. I've only ever tried their lunch specials, which are a ridiculously good value. $6 will get you a couple pounds of food, including an entree, two sides (fried rice and chow mein), an egg roll, and a soup. I couldn't come close to finishing, and even with a 10 minute drive back to work my food was still roughly the temperature of the sun. Food quality itself was average, there were clumps of white rice mixed in with the fried rice and some of the vegetables were a touch undercooked. A lot of other reviews claim the food is disgusting and made them sick; either I have a stomach of steel or the beef & broccoli is one of their stronger dishes."
"Family owned and operated teppanyaki shop specializing in bento boxes: pick a protein or two, side it with rice and veggies, pick a couple sauces, and go on your way. Seems to be more of a grab and go spot but the food is solid, especially for those who prefer real food or are watching their calories, macros, etc. but still want their food to have flavor. Steak (cooked perfectly to medium, as requested) with garlic sauce is awesome.

Specials board indicates that they have poke, Yelp check in deal gets you a free order of gyoza. I like that they have several sauces to choose from to add flavor to healthy options, which sets them apart from similar spots."
"Clean and organized grocery with a bakery (Bread Republic) and restaurant (Phil House, like a food court counter) on site. They also have several sample stations set up when I visited on a weekend.

As the name implies, store stock features a good selection of fish- and they were appropriately priced and fresh, with fairly clear eyes compared to other places in town. Unfortunately, their beef, pork, and chicken options were more limited and somewhat overpriced- they do have traditional sausages like longanisa available. 

Their produce section is fresh but also limited, with few herbs available and an emphasis on specialty veggies such as chili leaf and bean sprouts rather than having a selection of tomatoes or more than one lettuce. Some items I thought I should be able to find here were not stocked.

Store staff are around but busy stocking and not particularly able to help you find an item. There are somehow only two cash registers for a shop this size, which is a strange oversight- lines stretched into the dairy section even early in the morning. Bags and anti-bac stations were empty all around the store."
"Haven't encountered the bad service issues that others complain about, but they do lose a star for their their $10 card minimum- and this whole damn plaza is like that.

The coconut milk tea and coffee milk tea are both good here, and the boba is great: soft, good chewiness, good quantity. Millions of tea-flavored foods are here as well, the tea-flavored eggs and eel sound amazing but so far I haven't been brave enough to try them.

Really ticked off about the $10 minimum- if food trucks can use Square without having a minimum, a brick and mortar building has no excuse. I drive by frequently and opt to go elsewhere because I rarely carry cash and won't order that much if I'm solo."
"Quite possibly one of the worst food experiences of my life, Mexican or Salvadorean. At one point, this space was a Salvadorean-Mexican fusion place owned by the same people as the Las Palmas market next door. The BF was one of their biggest fans.

But we went a couple of weeks ago, and despite being the same type of food, and the same space, this was not the restaurant he remembered. 

For the life of me I can't even remember what we ordered, only how awful it was. I vaguely recall ordering enchiladas but receiving something that did not even remotely resemble the dish. The corn tortillas were the only redeeming factor, but the meat inside was overcooked to the point of being dry, tasteless, crunch. The rice and beans looked suspicious and tasted worse- I don't think I've seen beans that far gone outside of a dumpster. The complimentary chips were stale. The salsa was watery. The food looked and tasted, in short, very old.

The café is small and simple, décor next to nonexistent, and the service is just as minimal. And I don't mean that in a good way."
"Vegas is a surprisingly active, fit city considering our dreadful summer temperatures. The tennis community in particular is large and competitive, and even some players may not know that the Bally's Hotel & Casino has a team! 

The 8 courts and shop are where they practice, and you can get access here if you're on the team, taking lessons, or know someone who does. It's mostly busy during the morning hours and good for meeting up with friends for a match after work.

Considering it's not heavily trafficked or advertised as a casino amenity, it's surprisingly well maintained, with ample seating, well-lit walkways, and even has a few Hoppers to pick up your balls after practicing your serve. 

TIP: Access from the side parking lot, driving all the way back, or  through the pool area, courts are behind the shop."
"Everyone is crazy-friendly here. Maybe it's because they're family-owned and operated, maybe it's because they're from the wholesome state of Utah, maybe it's because they're all on a sugar high from the soda. We may never know.

I wouldn't think a soda shop would be a marvelous business idea but dangit if this place didn't amaze me anyway. Think Sonic's customized soda creations, but take out the shakes and add on cookies and other snacks, and you've got Fiiz drinks. They also have that pebble ice that people go wild for.

I rarely drink soda in the first place, but Dr. Pepper is my jam when I do- try the Berry Good Doctor for a pimped out version with strawberry puree, vanilla, coconut, and cream. I hear the owner likes his with raspberry instead, so I'll have to try that next time. 

Bring your kids for a special treat, this place is super family-friendly and the kid drinks are the cutest- fun colors plus cute garnishes like peeps and gummy worms! Bonus points for having a drive-thru lane to grab and go."
"Tucked away in an unassuming and nondescript plaza, is this small sushi spot. The menu is also small but the fish is fresh, the chef is friendly, and the service is slightly on the slow side but they're not too busy to get you in and out if you need to: they're just used to folks hanging around chatting after they're done dining. Essentially, it's a neighborhood sushi dive bar.

BLACK FIRE ROLL has eel and a not-overwhelming amount of cream cheese (among other fish) topped with eel sauce and sesame seeds, while the ALASKAN ROLL is pretty standard. Before tip, my total was about $18.

PS: the whiteboard menu has a few silly jokes on it too (goldfish, bad jokes, and good jokes), and if you look around the kitschy décor you'll notice cans of Spotted Dick and Fish Asshole... and a bottle of moonshine sake with a snake in the bottom. Fun."
"I'm familiar with Rivas from their other locations across the Valley, but recently have been frequenting this one out of convenience. Menu is extensive, prices are low, portions are large, and service is fast and polite. I always seem to get the same cashier, he's a sweetheart. 

GOOD: Get the fajitas. I prefer the steak, chicken and shrimp are also available. The burritos are also pretty solid, but be sure to check what ingredients they include and add on what you want (ie cheese, sour cream). Their asada and carnitas meats are probably my favorites, but the shrimp is nicely seasoned too. Quesadillas are awesome. 

OKAY: The sopes and salads are not my favorites, more of a one and done choice for me. I'm also not really into their tortas, which all come with thousand island dressing. I gravitate more toward their traditional dishes rather than their Americanized ones. Their guac is a $2.25 add-on fee and is more of a sauce rather than chunky like I prefer.

TIPS: Website says you can order through Eat24, but that isn't set up through their Yelp page (womp womp). Chicken tacos are BOGO. Free WiFi available (pw ""rivas123"").

EDIT: Dropping a star. The past three times I've ordered online here, I arrive and no one knows anything about my order. They eventually make it fast but then get sloppy, giving me puddles of grease and minimal cheese. Not super thrilled."
"Welcome to the neighborhood, Neighbors! Too bad it's not actually MY neighborhood. I'm not a morning person, but I woke up an extra hour before work and drove across town to have breakfast here two mornings in a row. Clearly they're doing something right.

Love the decor, IG aesthetic hashtag in full effect with open space and lots of plants, along with ample natural lighting for great photos. Their menu is thoughtful, with breakfast and lunch choices from healthy to indulgent, as well as a range of specialty coffee, tea, and juice beverages. 

EATS: If you're in the mood for a hot breakfast or a an early lunch, try the shakshuka. I'm a huge fan of this dish and there aren't many places to get it in town. For lighter fare, try the Pacific salmon toast with a side salad. They also have a small selection of baked goods to the left of the register. Will probably try a breakfast sandwich next time!

DRINKS: Lattes, cold brews, and drip coffees galore. The Queen Bee latte has so far been my favorite, though the iced matcha is a close second. They also offer lavender, almond, hazelnut, etc. Check in for specials like their Love Potion (dark chocolate and strawberry latte) that was available for Valentines Day. I haven't even tried the juices yet. YET."
"I drove past this diner when visiting Pop's last week, and somehow it stuck in my mind enough to suggest it for breakfast this morning. Pulled it up on Yelp and looked through the recommended dishes, then headed out at 7AM, right when they opened.

BF and I sat at the bar and were helped by a sweet older lady. We sat right next to an amazing-looking butter pecan cake, but chose not to try it this visit. I'm slightly regretting it now, since it looked and sounded amazing, but I can't do sugar that early in the morning.

Bar was set with plenty of local papers to browse through, which we did after placing our orders: the chili cheese omelet with a side of homefries (as per so many recommendations here on Yelp!) and the lunch special of the day (available even at bfast hours!) of tuna sandwich and chicken noodle soup. 

Service was friendly and attentive without overbearing, which is a careful balance when sitting at the bar anywhere, and food was out quick. Omelet was oozing with melted American cheese, and the homefries were on the plain side but had a good crispiness to them- the side mixed well with the omelet and chili sauce.
The tuna sandwich was very basic but nothing to complain about; the soup was downright delicious with noodles that tasted homemade and a broth that was complex and seemed to have been cooked down for a long time.

All the food had a good homecooked taste to it, and it was a nice laid-back morning with my guy and the paper. What more can I ask for that early on a Sunday?"
"I fell in love with ramen when I lived in the Bay area last year, and so far of our slim pickings, Sora is the place I prefer. I found myself on the other side of town, and finally managed to fit in a trip to Fukumini, which is the third most-often-recommended place for ramen in Vegas (the second being Monta).

Despite the strip mall exterior, inside was small and cozy with bench seating and bar seating. I dined solo and was helped immediately. Staff was attentive. There is signage up advertising their limited-time summer special of cold noodles, as well as a new flavor of chicken: honey garlic, which sounded amazing but I was dining alone.

Ordered the tan tan men, for change of pace. Received a gigantic bowl of broth, bok choy, noodles, and sausage- the sausage was actually reminiscent of chorizo, full of fat and flavor and that distinctive orange tinge to the broth. The broth itself was super rich, and seems like it may have contained dairy. Noodles were chewy and thick, the way I like them. My only adjustment to this order in the future would be to add more bok choy- the three leaves in my dish simply were not enough to balance out the richness and fat in the sausage and broth.
Overall flavor profile was complex, with spice from the sausage, and again, very rich.

Later, this richness caused some stomach problems for me- consider yourself warned.
It's a tasty dish, with friendly service, but I'll probably stick with one of their more regular ramen dishes next- and try that chicken."
"+ Neighborhood coffee shop convenient for residents
+ Menu includes regular, specialty, and blended drinks, & a few foods
+ Location has a drive thru and local art 
+ Cozy atmosphere with books, games, and local publications

Wish this spot had a location closer to my side of town because I would definitely go. The Sweet and Spicy coffee drink was nice, something different. Their coconut specialty drink was comparable to the Kokomo at Dutch Bros."
"Decent casino! Easy to navigate self-parking, awesome and gigantic aquarium behind the check in desk, line moved quickly. Garden area in lobby is nice, casino floor is organized and there is a lot of signage to find your way around.

Sigfried & Roy's Secret Garden and Dolphin Habitat looks amazing, but sadly they close at 6:30 with last admission at 5:30, which we just barely missed. Adult entry $15 seemed a little steep.

Revolution Lounge is Beatles-themed and small with pricey drinks (as expected in Vegas). Stack restaurant has tasty small bites.

Overall, casino has many dining and entertainment options and is well-located."
"One of my resolutions is to stop being such a control freak in 2018. Even though I have a great go-to hot pot spot (say that five times fast), when I friend suggested dinner at Yobo, I kept my mouth shut and met her where  she wanted. And I was pleasantly surprised!

Placed in a packed plaza, Yobo had solid business even during early evening hours with separate dining areas for the shabu shabu counter and a dining room for their noodle dishes. Menu is easy to follow with step-by-step directions for broth, sauce, entreee, and add-ons, along with a small apps menu. Staff were helpful about making suggestions.

Shared a pot, some apps, and dessert with a friend, and for around $30 total we both left satisfied. Got the Yobo tomato-beef bone broth with the beef sampler plate (ribeye, chuck, and brisket), with ponzu (citrus), goma (sesame), and sasha (traditional) dips. Order included a dish of veggies, noodles, and rice. While waiting for our pot to heat up, we got the spicy calamari and edamame. 

The broth could have a bit more developed flavor but was solid. The meats portion does not specify a weight but seemed okay portion-wise, but I could not taste a distinct difference between the meats and found it odd the server also did not seem entirely clear which was which. Veggies and sauces were fresh and added flavor. Apps were about average. Snagged some mochi for dessert and was surprised to see each order in pairs, with fresh fruit inside, seemed to be better quality than usual. We were pretty pleased overall with the meal. Interested to revisit and check out their noodle dishes, but with so many other options in the Spring Mountain corridor, it may be a while til I make it back."
"Spent just under $20 getting a minifeast for me and my guy to munch dinner from home while watching the Spurs game: 14-piece order of dumplings, two lamb sticks, and an order of squid balls. They also have a massive smoothie/boba menu, chose not to partake.

While I loved being able to snag dumplings to go and found pricing fair, the giant 14-piece order got a little boring after half the order was gone. Would like the option to purchase by the half or mix and match. Overall, dumplings held up and were tasty, seemed to be mostly pork and chive with a slight shrimpy flavor.
Squid balls were underwhelming and bland, despite a sprinkle of seasoning- would have appreciated some sort of dipping sauce, but they're a good portion for the price. 
Ordered the lamb skewers as recommended here on Yelp, found it spicy and underwhelming with a dismal portion compared to the other things we enjoyed here.

Overall impression was underwhelming. They need to make some changes if they're going to stay open: at 8PM on a Friday night, I was the only customer. Lee's Sandwiches next door had more business- that's pretty sad."
"I love Jose Andres but perhaps my expectations were just a bit too high.  Bazaar Meats emphasizes their massive cuts of meat and 3 pound ribeyes, but Jaleo does many of the same or similar sides and apps better. I'd go back to Jaleo for better versions of everything except the meat dishes. Come hungry and leave the vegetarians at home.

DRINKS
Jose's G&T is always a good start, but the LN2 (more like an alcoholic sorbet than a drink) comes with fun tableside presentation. Did not care for Jose's Vespa or the Hemmingway.

STARTERS & SIDES
Ferran Adria Olives, Modern & Traditional: Got these again after loving the concept at Jaleo, but they were not as appreciated by our dining companions
*The Classic Tartare: easily one of the best dishes we had, one I would come back for. Made tableside and seasoned to your preference, the beef sirloin comes from retired dairy cows and is supremely flavorful. 
Vittore 1950 Carpaccio: accidentally received this after ordering the bison buffalo version, but kept it. A well-done classic with parmesan, croutons, capers, and sherry. I would still like to try the buffalo version eventually.
The Lhardy's Madrid Beef (soup): served in a tiny teacup, the consommé, quail egg, sherry, and caviar were underwhelming. Wouldn't get this again, it doesn't really work, and I don't understand why it's on the menu.
A simple tomato salad: There is such a thing as being too simple. Three or four cubes of various sweeter tomatoes, plus a light dressing and red onion. I liked the unusual selection of tomatoes but this dish seemed to be missing something. 
*S'mores: Homemade graham crackers and marshmallows plus chocolate and foie gras? This was a surprise hit with our more conservative dining partners! Should have asked for this at the end of the meal as it was better than the desserts we had and less fittingly placed as a starter course.

MEATS
Merino Lamb Rack, New Zealand: The version at Jaleo is better. This was unevenly seasoned, rendering some of the chops almost bland. The chimmichurri sauce Jaleo's version is plated with would have elevated this dish.
*Wagyu Beef Cheeks: Tender and flavorful meat was complemented by the citrus and slightly-spicy mojo rojo, which I wish there was more of (as others have said). Good choice.
*Braised Lamb Neck: Perfectly medium-rare lamb, juicy and well seasoned, plus fried oysters and fried potatoes. The oyster catsup was unnecessary because all of the other components were so well done. Recommend!

DESSERT
Everything is itty-bitty bite-sized, making our usual habit of sharing dessert difficult. The tiramisu crème puff disappointed the person who chose it, while the raspberry yuzu tart was interesting and fun. By far the favorite was the sea salt caramel crisp. 

Service was friendly and informative, if a touch too casual. The tableside presentation was fun, and the guy who worked with us was personable. Note that there are three (great-sounding) tiered tasting menus, from $150/pp to $275, this information is not present on the website.

Part of having the best experience here is going with the right group of people, and unfortunately the couple we dined with didn't seem to enjoy many of the items. My rating is rounded up to 4 stars from what is more accurately 3.5, as that is partially my fault. Less than half of our dishes (admittedly mostly classic options) were wonderful, while the other half was disappointing. I'll come back to split a steak with my guy (and try the cotton candy foie!), but I'm not in a rush to do so."
"Small neighborhood-style classic American food joint with a clean black-and-white décor and friendly staff. Menu boasts burgers, dogs, wings, fries, and some very decadent desserts: fried PB&J, Nutella, banana, and chocolate sandwiches.

Can't speak to the quality of their meat but prices are a bit on the high side for what you receive-Frito Pie is a cut single-serving bag from a bulk pack, topped with chili and cheese. Good old-school flavor but not sure it's $4 of flavor.
 
The desserts are what's unique about this place: counter girl said the PBJ ($6) is her favorite, and it's currently listed on the specials board. Big enough to share, super rich, hits the junkfood-craving spot excellently. 

Counter service inside, they also do delivery, just opened a week ago.

EDIT: Went back, tried a burger, combo with fries and drink is about $8 for a large and tasty portion. Spoke with owner, says he's from Buffalo, NY and wings are his specialty. I'll be trying those next!"
"Guamanian food is delicious; comfort food with an island twist. I've only had it at Red Rice, but it's so good that it's hard to drive by without stopping for a box of takeout... unless it's a Wednesday, when they're closed, and then I just get upset. So far, I've liked everything I've tried here except for the ribs, and that's just a personal preference. 

The Fiesta plate is a good introduction to different dishes, but whatever you decide on, always add some red rice musubi. The food is homestyle and a touch greasy, but the pickled veggies and various sauces from the salads add acidity and balance. The red rice and grilled meats are always cooked perfectly, and the portions are so large that the shrimp patties and chicken kelaguen are usually leftover for the next day. If you want to end your meal with something sweet, get the bonnelos!"
"Briefly visited this little spot after the Yelp event at Koi- BF wanted to check out PH's poker situation, and I wanted to check out more of the dancers I saw on the stages surrounding the bar area- not even entirely sure they're stages, but there were a few attractive and scantily-clad ladies gyrating and they caught my eye.

The spot is surprisingly intimate and cozy considering it's in the middle of the PH floor and right next to the poker tables, but somehow it works- it's in the heart of the casino itself. Wonder if that's where they got the name from?

In any case, I got the vague impression that drinks here were going to be pretty pricey so I didn't order anything crazy- reviews here seem to run the gamut from ""comped more than I paid for"" to ""$16 each"" so perhaps that was a good call.

Even if you don't get your drink on here, it's a great place to people-watch, both for the dancers and abundant foot traffic."
"DIY pizza spots are everywhere these days- this one offers the best portions, prices, quality, and customization options,  making it easy to eat with your Vegan and gluten-free friends too.  If you're not in the mood for pizza (you must be a freak of nature), they have a DIY salad option instead.  

Pick  your own crust, sauce, cheese, meat, and veggies, and your creation will be out in three minutes flat, for $8 (+reasonable upcharges for certain specialty options like goat cheese, prosciutto, etc). Staff are friendly and I like how the decor is modern and casual without a corporate feel. Grab a scoop of gelato for dessert if you're still hungry afterward.

The reason this spot gets an extra star than average for me is the quality toppings- they have everything from arugula and avocado to roasted red peppers, artichoke, and fresh cilantro and basil. Even better: the staff don't skimp on the toppings, everything is evenly applied. 

NOTE: The wheat crust is thicker than most ""thin"" crusts and after cooking is still a touch soft and chewy instead of crispy- I like it, but realize it's not what others are expecting. Each pizza is enough for two to share, or get one each and take leftovers for the next day's lunch."
"Arawan Thai has been making waves in Vegas for their classy Thai dishes and beautiful desserts. I've tried two of their lunch specials and am excited to be planning a dinner there soon. Dishes are well-executed and vibrant, desserts are as tasty as they are beautiful, and both sections of the menu offer creative dishes not found elsewhere.

GARLIC SHORT RIB: The actual meat portion is small, but that's short ribs for you. The flavor is spot-on, heavy on the garlic and brightened up with a tasty tamarind dipping sauce. The ribs are meaty with a small amount of fat for flavor. Side this with steamed veggies instead of the rice for less carbs. 
SPICY MINT CHICKEN: Careful with their spice scale, ""medium hot"" will hurt a little bit! This ground chicken dish is packed with peppers and topped with a fried egg, for a fun mix of flavors and textures. I'd specify over-medium in the future rather than straight-up fried to add some oozy, yolky goodness to the mix. 
DESSERT: Thai tea crème brulee was perfection! Delicate sugar crust, creamy custard, and the bright, spicy flavors of the tea made for a fun take on a classic dish! Similarly, their sticky rice and mango is infused with a punch of fragrant, fresh mint. 

Lunch specials come with soup, salad, and dessert, for a steal at $10- great opportunity to try some more cautious dishes before throwing yourself into their full menu, with dishes like short rib curry and rib eye crispy basil. Their execution of the lunch dishes has convinced me to return for dinner with a bigger appetite and budget. Glad to have a new Thai option in town that actually adds something different to the local scene!"
"I'm half German and I miss the food my family used to make- but the seriously mixed reviews kept me from trying this spot sooner. It was decent, but rather than knocking out my German cravings it just made me wish we had more options in town.

I had the pork Jaeger schnitzel lunch plate ($13) with ""hunters style"" mushroom gravy and spaetzle- the pork was a generous portion, nicely crispy, and the mushroom gravy was okay, had few actual mushrooms. The spaetzel was also just okay but had good texure. Dish seemed underseasoned.
BF had the bratwurst plate, largely due to the ""Best German Bratwurst in Vegas!"" sign by the front door. And I'll say, damn, it was good. For a $13 plate though, I kind of felt it should have more than one sausage link and simple, basic sides of (bland) cabbage and (decent) fried potatoes. The $10 brats in the sandwiches section of the menu would have been better.

Service was spotty. Our order was taken and dishes brought out, but we weren't really checked on and had to hunt down takeout boxes. Female server we saw at the beginning of our visit wasn't seen again. Seems the staff share all the service, which unfortunately leads to a lack of consistency, as no one knows who is doing what.

Table sign indicates that they have a monthly buffet, the first Saturday of each month. Selection did not sound worth the price. If you are here for dinner, there's a Yelp check in offer for a 10% discount."
"I've seen the traveling Real Bodies exhibit several years back before moving to Vegas and really enjoyed it. I meant to make my way here since moving but never found the time until a recent promotion for free admission for teacher appreciation week- as a former science teacher, I totally had to take advantage. 

Located in the lower level of Bally's near the food court, they've made good use of the space and organize the exhibit by body systems (skeletal, respiratory, organs, reproductive, etc). The bodies on display were cool and the info provided on plaques was detailed without being overwhelming- this wasn't as text-heavy as other museums. The section on blood vessels was more interesting than expected, and I was surprised to see they included a section on fetal development. 

Regular ticket prices are $25/adult and I spent less than an hour here- not the best value but a good ""educational"" option to have on the Strip, and there are various discounts to be had on Groupon, etc. Note that if you spend more than an hour here, you will also pay for parking."
"ISG is one of several sushi and hawaiian eats options along Eastern, but as far as I know, it's the only one with a happy hour that includes half-off cut rolls. Came by recently to check it out and recognized the interior, vaguely recalling a previous takeout order. Menu is large, with AYCE and a la carte options that include the usual apps, nigiri, and rolls plus poke and various hawaiian specialties. 

Food was fresh across the board- eggplant fries were freshly fried, fish in my rolls was fresh, and everything came out quickly. The rolls themselves, though ordered from the specialty section, were not as impressive as elsewhere (presentation, size) but it was a decent meal. What did impress me was that the service was among the best I've received at an AYCE spot, with nearly every server in the dining room checking on me at least once even though I was sitting at the bar, where I am used to being forgotten elsewhere."
"Decent knock off of Chipotle. Same set up, basically the same menu, and eerily similar décor. I do like that they have a few outside seating options. Really dislike driving in that part of town though, since it's so congested. But if I'm already over here, I'll keep it in mind for lunch or dinner.

Stopped by prior to a recent training at the GATE center. Opted for the carnitas burrito bowl with brown rice, black beans, extra grilled veggies, light sour cream and guac, pico and corn salsa, cheese, and tons of lettuce. Essentially I wanted more of a salad, really. Portion was huge. Also added on a completely unnecessary, overpriced, and way-too-big side of queso. 

Got my order to go and munched through my meeting. Like, I said, it was a huge portion, and I saved it for a lunch the next day. Not bad for the price, I guess, though it's not exactly inexpensive. Good value, I guess.

Flavors were okay. For so many varied ingredients, I expected it to taste a little better but everything kind of melted together, especially when some of the cheese was added in. I really liked the plentiful grilled veggies, but the bowl was pretty one-note. Maybe an extra side of another salsa would have added some acidity? Or some lime/cilantro? I don't know. Not bad, but not four-stars worthy.

Service was lacking. I walked in and there were three guys in the kitchen portion who just stared at me for a minute. Finally one came around to help me but didn't seem to speak much English. A girl walked up at one point and he simply walked away, leaving her to finish my order. She didn't seem to be too confident in how to work the register, but did ask if I had one of their loyalty cards and explained how they worked."
"Overall, this was kind of a letdown for me. Off to a poor start by calling in my lunch takeout and waiting half an hour for it- eventually the manager asked if I was doing okay, and my packed order had been sitting behind the bar for who knows how long. There were only four tables seated, and two additional employees present. Seems odd that they couldn't keep up with that.

Service issues aside, the food was underwhelming.
They offer a $14 half-sando, half-soup lunch combo with chips and a ""dessert"". The eggplant pastrami sandwich looked impressive but had an overwhelming peppery taste to it, as if that's the only thing it was seasoned with. The tomato and mozzarella salad was a miniscule portion, but good flavor: one slice of mozz chopped into quarters and half a tomato. Chips were seasoned, dessert was a cookie from a Costco tray.
Just because I've heard so much about it, I added on an order of the dirty mac. This was decent- hearty, cheesy, and saucy. I'm not a fan of peas but they work in this version. That said, I detected no Ritz but the flavors were okay. Wasn't wowed.

Interior is nicely decorated, and I dig their chalkboard menus over the butcher area. The bar is simple, industrial-style, and they have some outdoor seating facing Alta. But when the service and food both fail to deliver, I'm unlikely to return. I may pop back in for their 4:00-6:00 HH one of these days though."
"I'll echo what most of the other reviews state, their time quotes are not even remotely accurate. Our insurance coordinated the tow with our coverage and we were told it would be about an hour, only for that hour to come and go twice over. Luckily it was my guy's day off, so it wasn't a massive inconvenience but for a situation that's already stressful, it certainly didn't help."
"Decent show in a business hotel off the strip: theater has seen better days, and there wasn't much of a crowd when i went, but these guys can really sing. That's right: guys, plural. there's also a lady! Didn't see that coming.

The group of four does a good variety of Ol' Blue Eyes' best songs, complete with crowd interaction and some skits- not bad at all and not as cheesy as it might sound. Can certainly say that all of them have good voices, but I felt that the speakers were set way too loud. They said they've been working together for eight years, and it shows in how well they're able to harmonize together, and in their chemistry. They have a CD available for purchase, recorded with a live band, available following the show.

If you're a fan of Sinatra, or just have a boring weeknight on your hands, check them out- admission costs are low, drinks in the lobby are strong, and they close with my favorite song! You'll have to go to find out which one that is..."
"Women's accessories store- quite a bit of variety from blinged-out costume jewelry you'd wear to a club to more understated silver pieces that work for work wear and more reserved styles. Surprised to find a few pairs of earrings that I liked, despite the drastically different displays on hand- some far more expensive than others.
Don't forget to check out the small lingerie selection and tech accessories."
"Don't let the name fool you- in addition to wax hair removal, they also do facials, brow/lash tinting, and even tooth whitening! So far, I've only been in for a facial, but my experience with Karla was comparable and even better than some places that specialize in facials.

The Acne Facial included so many layers of products that I lost track, but the deep exfoliant that was used was great- tingly without being painful. There was also a salicylic acid product followed by a cooling clay mask. Extractions were included and not terribly painful.Throughout, the esthetician was friendly and polite without being overly chatty, making it a relaxing experience overall. I especially like the arm/shoulder massage component, which was longer and more skillfully done than elsewhere, where it feels perfunctory. Following the service, Karla had specific product recommendations to suggest, which was helpful. 

Two days after my facial, my skin is still super smooth and much brighter, with noticeably improved texture. Looking forward to coming back for another service soon- they have seasonal specials and discounts, so find them on IG to keep up!"
"Brand new bakery and café, open less than a week! Despite the name, grab and go bakery selection is currently a bit limited (mostly cupcakes, with whole cakes available for special order) and menu is a it more expansive than the name implies: they have great sandwiches (the killer club was fantastic!), along with wings and barbecue coming soon.

I suspect what they'll really be known for is their Sunday dinners- check their website to know what will be featured each week, but they're aiming to be a spot to grab a home-cooked meal after church. Definitely a great spot for this neighborhood, and one that sounds like it'll be pretty successful.

Service is on point, friendly and informative. Interior is clean and nicely decorated with a modern theme and lots of fresh flowers. Note that they are closed on Mondays!"
"Opt for the cooked and grilled seafood items, the ceviches were not all that fresh. Menu is surprisingly expansive, with some healthy and low-carb options available. The molcajetes and the grilled fish platters are pretty popular here. 

Pricing is kind of all over the place: seafood can be pricey, but I didn't expect to see burritos around $11 and some meals without sides run you $15? There are also a couple of sushi rolls on the menu, but they seem to use cooked ingredients (fajitas?).

I like having the option to order the submarinos- a halved cucumber scooped out to form a boat, served filled with fish and shrimp ceviche and avocado slices. The portion is large and price is reasonable, ~$12, but the ceviche is not all that fresh and is lacking in flavor.

NOTE: Location interior is currently under construction, only debit and cash are accepted here."
"Cute, small bakery with boba tea options: menu is limited but they are testing additional items to add. Currently their cheese rolls are a popular item.

Tried the cheese rolls, a coconut donut, and a coconut boba- fair pricing, total for all treats came to $7 and service was polite and helpful.

Cheese roll is a sweet pastry with the dessert cheese filling, not the feta pastry I had imagined like from Jones Market's bakery. A bit too sweet for me, but apparently one of their more popular items.
The coconut donut was dense and cakey, but not in a bad way. Not overly sweet, but couldn't finish it all: priced well for the size, though.

Coconut boba drink was tasty, boba was fresh and chewy without being overshadowed by the tea. Liked that the beverage didn't have an overwhelmingly artificial taste to it, as at other places."
"Happy to finally live in a city that has this store! It is a fairly large location, though I've heard that the two-story locations are largest: haven't been to one, don't have anything to compare this to other than one I went to years ago.

Subtracted a star due to the messy and disheveled state of the clothing racks- I understand it's a popular store, but for an early afternoon weekday, it was messier than what was expected or acceptable.

Clearance section was not even remotely organized- mostly because I could not find it. There was a concentration of orange tags in one corner of the store, but there were plenty of non-sale items mixed into that section. Very odd.

Opted for a dress priced at $15 and a clearance sweater marked at $7- cashier rang me up with an additional but unmentioned $3 discount. Maybe that was to make up for the fact that out of two employees running two registers, the left line I was in took nearly 15 minutes but people were flying through the one on the right?"
"Came here to print, complete, and fax application materials. I did not notice a computer station, so you will need to save your documents to a USB drive to print here. I appreciated that there were a few standing desk areas to complete the documents and fax them out. See photo for fax pricing- note that 1-800 numbers are considered local, which saves you a few bucks. 

In addition to print/copy/fax services, they also sell some small electronics (like phone battery boosters) and greeting cards (with a surprisingly large selection). Signage also indicates that they do a lot of shipping and packing, but oddly they do not sell stamps."
"You live in Summerlin and you're craving Asian food, but you don't want to drive to Chinatown and fight for parking, and you don't want to shell out a bunch of scratch. Head to Sweet & Spicy! 

Menu is well organized with a good amount of variety, but they stand out for their good-sized portions and low prices. Apps are around $5, like for their pork belly bao (2 per order), good for sharing. Noodle dishes are under $10, and you will have leftovers. They even have a couple of desserts. 

My meal of bao, Chinese broccoli, and dan dan noodles was right around $20 WITH tax and tip, and served as dinner one day and lunch the next. Not a bad deal. I would love to see them add my favorite chili oil wontons to the menu!"
"I'm not known for being a cheese steak fan, but I do love cheese. Add in that this place is about a mile from home for me, and that it's 24 hours, and it's pretty much kismet that I would finally come here and actually really like it.

First off, its a bit  pricier than expected: spent $25 on dinner for me and the BF.
As others have said though, the sandwiches are beyond huge enough to share.  We got the #32 peppers and onions cheesesteak with provolone ($11), added on sides of chili cheese fries ($4) and an order of wings (10 for $8), and a Franks black cherry soda ($2).  For the price, the sandwich and wings were good portions. I didn't think the same thing about the soda or fries though- but then again, I'm not a soda person in the first place, though I understand this brand is apparently something special.

The sandwich itself, in addition to being huge, was stuffed full of meat and veggies. The cheese was a little light for my liking, and it was slightly on the dry side toward the ends of the sandwich, but it was good. In the future, I'd probably stick to the mushroom one though.
The chili cheese fries were fairly standard and a smaller portion than I expected but we still devoured them in record time. The wings, though, were a surprise. I ordered the mild ones rather than hot, and still found these to be surprisingly spicy. I'd definitely hesitate before ordering their ""flamin'"" style, I can't imagine how much hotter they must get. Portion was good for the price, wings were an average size without being too small or overly fried or breaded. Huge portion of ranch for dipping. I liked how easily the meat came off the bone, too. A little less messy than usual. 

We ate at the patio area, and it was noisy and difficult to carry on conversation, as others have said. However, it wasn't a total turn off and in fact kind of added to the experience. I'll have to come back and try the sweet potato fries...and the breakfast sandwiches... maybe I'll add the Whiz next time, too."
"There are a lot less Sonic locations here than in Texas, but yet I never really find myself seeking them out now that we've moved here. I tend to like their commercials, and they have some decent discounts/specials: like right now it's summer shake season, with half off shakes after 8PM.

Went in today and got a peanut butter chocolate flavor for myself, with a chocolate java chiller for my guy. He also took the liberty of adding on a garlic parm hotdog on their new cheese bread dogs, and an order of their little-known ""extreme tots""- chili cheese tots with ranch and jalapenos.

I'm not a huge fan of the food with this chain and this location didn't stand out from others. Tots are typically too salty for me, ordering them this way lessened the salt flavor. Hotdog, despite the special bun, did not have much flavor either, but the parm sauce on it was pretty interesting.
Shakes were thick and large- prices here seem higher than I'm used to though. PBC shake was better than the java chiller, but I'd like to see a coffee flavor on their shake menu in the future.

I like how the drive-up stands have credit card slots to pay after you order. Wish they could add on a feature to tip this way. I'm always baffled about how much/whether to tip someone to bring me my order, but here the drive-thru section gives you the option to go their instead of to a stand if you know you don't want to tip or don't have cash in addition to your card."
"I'm in this area of town for work for the week and bookmarked several places to grab lunch. Crab Corner was my #1 pick. Sadly, on Monday, I got out at 11AM for an hour lunch, only to find this place closed. Looked it up later and they don't open til 11:30AM for lunch. Too bad for them, because I planned ahead to hit them today and while waiting in their parking lot from 11:15-11:30, no less than six people walked up and decided against waiting for them to open. Highly suggest they open a smidge earlier, they're losing out on business.

In any case, I managed to make it in and service was polite- placed a to go order for a crab cake sandwich, had a little bit of sticker shock at the $13 price tag that didn't even include fries or an add-on option for a discounted soup (as other menu items do). Order took a reasonable 15 minutes, server brought me cold water while I waited, which was appreciated. When my order was brought out, the box was opened to show me the food and I was given extra lemons and tartar sauce without even asking, which was great.

Crab cake sandwich itself was tasty- the cake is a good size and surprisingly delicate with a light flavor. Good amount of crab and not too much breading was used, but felt the seasoning was almost a bit too light. Tartar sauce is made in house and it's evident in the taste: light, fresh, spot-on flavor! Only issue I took with my order was that the sandwich was stuffed with three lettuce leaves and two thick slices of tomato, almost as if to make the sandwich look bigger- but the extra toppings made the sandwich messy so half had to be removed. Filling portion, though.

Would come back for some fresh seafood or other menu items. Their website indicates that they have various discounts and promotions, and Tuesdays in particular they offer $2 male or female blue crabs and $2 beers, which I sadly could not take advantage of during work hours."
"The Shack Stack at Shake Shack is s surprisingly successful merge of the traditional burger and a ""Shroom burger"". It's a fast food chain, so no one should be appalled at how their version of a vegetarian burger features a deep-fried cheese-stuffed mushroom cap. The vegetarian diet is not strictly synonymous with healthy. But I digress.

It's a tasty burger. A bit too much going on for my personal preference, but definitely something different to try. Beef is fresh, mushroom cap is hot and cheesy, and I found the tangy Shack Sauce added a little something extra. In the future, I'd rather get either the standard Shack Burger OR the Shroom Burger rather than combining them. I wasn't blown away, but I was pleasantly surprised.

For those irate about prices and wait times, it's on the Strip... so deal with it. Try a weekday evening after 8 and you'll have minimal wait. Price inflation isn't any different than WhiteCastle trying to sell $8 burgers, and it's cheaper than a flight to the East coast.

PS, crinkle cut fries are overrated but they don't suck."
"I've heard great things about Pasta Shop Ristorante but carbs and I have been seeing other people lately. I had a recent relapse and ended up here with Bethany E for their Restaurant Week dinner specials. Worth it! The artsy, eclectic location is great for catching up with a friend or a low-key dinner date. 

We started with simple Caesar salads and garlic cheese bread, then shared the Shrimp Fra Diablo and Rigatoni Primavera with chicken. The pastas were clearly fresh-made, and the portion sizes were such that our leftovers made another full meal. Though I liked the linguini, the sauce was not at all spicy like I'd expected and seemed to be missing something- maybe adding fresh shredded cheese would have helped amp this up a bit. The Rigatoni dish was light and vibrant with lots of fresh vegetables, making it a healthier guilt-free option. I'm not especially fond of cannoli but appreciated that the version served here was freshly filled to order.

Keeping this spot on my short list of options when I need to eat my feelings or when I'm powering up for a half-marathon. Great neighborhood spot, check the register area for art and jewelry available for purchase. Don't forget to check in on social media for a free bag of fresh pasta!"
"Nicely curated selection of vintage furniture, decor, and houseware items from a variety of times and styles. Store is well organized with like items grouped and staged, and service is polite but not bothersome while you browse.

I've heard good things from friends who go here requesting specific items, but I only pop in to browse every so often. Great spot for unique decor items and especially kitchen items- mid century mod bar glasses, mirrored cake stands, original corningware, etc. Note that they also have a good selection of vintage Vegas stuff for those looking for unique gift items, as well as a small clothing selection that includes fur."
"The food here isn't bad but it's not worth going out of your way for. It's kind of a hole in the wall, but they have cheap lunch and dinner specials. The neighborhood isn't the best, which probably factors into how they flavor their food and tone down the spice. In any case, the house fried rice ($12) is a good option with tons of protein. The wing app isn't something I'd usually get, but it was also decent. I get takeout here rather than dining in."
"Largely regarded as one of the best places in the city for burgers- the reputation is justified! I'd rather spend $12-15 on a burger here than on the Strip- quality of beef and other ingredients is comparable (that is, top-notch) and combinations are fabulous.

KIKI'S BURGER: Angus Beef, Sautéed Shiitake, Enoki &
Eryngii Mushrooms, Caramelized Bacon, Sweet Onion Marmalade, Gruyere Cheese, Garlic Chili Aioli. Duh-licious. BF took one bite and said it's the best burger he's ever had. It will blow your mushroom-loving mind.

MIYAGI-SAN'S GRASS-FED WAGYU BURGER: Chili Mayo, Fried Egg, Furikake, Caramelized Bacon, Crispy Onion Rings. An Asian take on a breakfast burger, the chili mayo kicks it up to awesome. Add more if you dare.

Service is stellar, call in your order for pick up- they require a card to place the order but you can use any form of payment when you get in to pick up."
"Fruit lattes and honey toast desserts? I was excited about this place as soon as I heard about it! The treats are gorgeous and the clean, modern space is just as nice as it was in the previous incarnation as Very Berry Cafe, but with an expanded (and improved) menu. 

I've come by a couple of times but I just can't seem to find something to love. I have yet to try the bread boxes or waffle desserts, just the drinks. The fruit lattes are beautiful and tasty, with a house made whip that is totally worth the calories. Too bad it's always packed with an absurd amount of ice, making the pricing questionable. This criticism is voiced in several reviews and I've experienced it personally on multiple visits since they opened, so they don't seem to want to adjust it. The lattes are okay, particularly the Mint Mojito (the closest in town I can get to Philz), but it has also been poorly mixed with mounds of raw sugar at the bottom. Maybe their desserts are their forte but just a bit of extra attention to detail would make their beverages shine a bit brighter. The gelato was just okay and seems to be offered as a convenience more than a feature.

TIP: They get crazy busy at night, go during the day for little to no wait."
"Despite the name ""Centro America"", some Mexican dishes make the menu- but they're well-executed. Menu has pages dedicated to Honduran and Salvadorian food, as well as tons of seafood dishes.

Each table gets a complimentary basket of tortilla chips with a tomato sauce (not spicy) and crumbled cotija cheese- very light take on nachos, tasty and simple.
#1 Combo includes a spectacular chile relleno, a really great cheese enchilada, and a sadly-soggy crispy taco with really dry chicken. 
The #74 plate (forgot the fancy name) has a thin beef cutlet with a good char and juicy flavor, along with grilled shrimp. Both plates come with tasty rice and beans. 
Despite their giant sign in the window about their pupusas, I was underwhelmed by them- not much cheese or flavor, even when picking the revueltas version. 

Interior and exterior both have seen better days. Service was friendly. Seems like full bar is available- saw several margs and beer specials. Felt like some of the prices were a bit much- our meal above came to $33 before tip."
"Krazy Chicken specializes in rotisserie chicken, more similar to Nevada Chicken Cafe than El Pollo Loco, but most comparable to Zankou Chicken. When you first walk in, the aroma of fresh grilled chicken is amazing! They have chicken plates by the quarter and half, with whole family meals, as well as kabobs, salads, and burgers. 

Half rotisserie chicken meal was a huge, beautiful piece of moist chicken plus a big scoop of hummus with pita and a dish of radishes and pickles. While what I had was good, I'm perplexed as to why there wasn't rice included, as the menu seemed to indicate and would actually complete the meal. Bomb garlic sauce, though. 

Grabbed a grilled chicken salad to go. Portion is large and topped with shredded chicken, which was a touch dry. I'd prefer to just get the chicken portion (still on the bone) intact and pull it off the bone myself to ensure it doesn't dry out, staff seemed friendly and might accommodate. Greek dressing was good and produce was fresh.

Location is clean and staff were polite, prices are reasonable with most meals under $10. My only beef with Krazy Chicken is that they serve all orders, whether takeout or dine-in, in styrofoam boxes- it's cheap and awful for the environment. Invest in plastic plates for diners at least, finding an eco-friendly box alternative would just be a bonus!"
"Found Dr. Ostrowsky through my insurance provider's website- this is the third endocrinologist's office I called to schedule an appointment, but the only one able to schedule me a visit within a reasonable amount of time- two weeks out versus three months, to be specific.

Initial purpose of visit was to renew a prescription for my thyroid medication, which I knew would require blood work. Came in today and left with a prescription to start immediately, documents to take for my blood work at any nearby Quest center, and a follow up set for 3 weeks out. Very decent!

Office staff at front desk was friendly and helpful. Doctor assistant I saw for weight/BP and initial visit conversation was pleasant and personable. Doctor himself came in quickly, was professional with a warm demeanor, and addressed my concerns thoroughly before moving on. 

The most impressive part though, is that  from first walking in and completing initial paperwork, to waiting for a room, taking down my stats, seeing the doc, getting my prescription, and paying/setting my follow up appointment - I was in and out in under 45 minutes"
"Ridiculously large portions, reasonable pricing. Seafood fried rice is huge, bowl of wor won ton soup is packed with shrimp, chicken, and veggies. All pretty tasty for takeout, $18 total is more than enough for two.

Delivery is quick, phone service while ordering is polite. The fact that they don't have a website is a little frustrating as the only menu I can reference is the photos posted here. 

Highly recommend they join an online-ordering service- giving out my entire card number, name, billing address, and security code over the phone is potentially risky and not something I'm super comfortable with."
"It's a dive bar, with a kitchen, with very limited smokiness. Unclear whether smoking is disallowed indoors, or if they just have a great ventilation system. They also have pool tables, and booths for dine-in seating. Staff was polite, service was perfunctory, prices were cheap, built-in gaming at the bar."
"This kiosk is half coffee bar, half alcohol bar. You'd think when one side has no customers and the other has a line, that they'd help one another. Nope, bartender just stands around and barista fills each order herself before moving on to the next leading to an absurd wait.

Pricing is not jacked up the way several casino coffee stands are, but product is just okay. Menu is small, barista looked at me blankly when I asked for an iced drink that wasn't just a simple iced coffee. If you can't figure out how to ice a latte, you are probably in the wrong line of work.

Don't even get me started on their sandwiches, which seem to be made last week and dry as hell. The pesto on the chicken and pesto sandwich was more like green dust."
"Amano is amazing! Shout out to David V and Suki K for introducing me to this spot. They planned a group dinner here where we were able to meet with Chef Jay and try several of their best dishes. When you first come in, the space looks like a takeout joint, but hang a right and there's the dining room. 

The dish that most piqued my interest is the Pumpkin Parmigiana, featuring layers of lightly-fried pumpkin in place of the usual eggplant, layered with mozzarella and marinara. It is crispy, gooey perfection, and Chef Jay must be my spirit animal because his namesake sandwich on the lunch menu also features the fried gourd that I love so much!

Other dishes we tried were the arancini (rice balls), Braciole (rolled flank steak), and one of their pizzas- the Cindy, which riffs on the bacon wrapped date app that so many people love. Add in caramelized onion and a bit of pesto to add flavor and cut the sweetness, throw it all on a fresh, chewy pie, and there you go. It's dreamy, and the fact that it's named after a customer is a cool touch, too!.

Come hungry, because they also have some stellar desserts- you can get a cannoli (with both chocolate and pistachio!) free with Yelp check in, or try their Rainbow Cake (based on the famous cookie). Or, if you're too full, just get your sugar fix from their awesome house rosemary lemonade- I didn't initially think this would go with an Italian dinner, but I couldn't stop sipping!

Looking forward to coming back soon to try the Chef Jay sando and the Chef's Favorite Pizza (white pie with mushrooms and truffle oil, yes please)."
"I missed these jerks so much, I drove across town to see them again. Previously a food truck, Big Jerk hooked me with their amazing oxtails shortly before closing to prepare for a brick and mortar location- which finally opened in the Henderson area. Clear across town for me but worth the drive, particularly since we have so few Jamaican restaurants in Vegas.

FOOD:
The oxtails remain my go-to, huge portion and super-tender. The jerk chicken is also solid, and their new pepper steak dish was also very tender. I prefer my ribs a bit saucier, but that may just be a personal preference. They have a couple of fusion-style burgers, for the less adventurous. Their sides are also on point, their mac and cheese is a must-order for me. Yucca fries, greens, and spinach are also good but the rice and peas isn't as consistent. When it's just right, it's amazing. They also have Patties, similar to empanadas, with various fillings- the beef is classic, and my favorite so far. They also recently added an all-day brunch menu on Sundays!

SERVICE:
It's a walkup fast-casual spot, not unlike how their food truck was set up. Service is friendly, owners and management will often check on diners during the meal and they are open to feedback. Location is super clean and staff remembered me from my first visit, which is always great. Some of the newer staff are unfamiliar with the menu but the OG guys from the truck definitely live up to their ""nicest jerks in Vegas"" reputation."
"As a Summerlin resident, I don't get out to Henderson all that often but this is one of those spots that has stayed on my radar as a place worth the drive. 8 Kitchen combines ramen, burgers, and fusion fare for large menu of all-day options. Service has been satisfactory, interior is modern, and I like their shaded patio seating. They opened in mid-summer so I haven't yet tried their ramen, but it's only a matter of time. 

First visit, I had the Egg & Chashu breakfast sandwich (braised pork belly, Swiss cheese, pickled ginger, scallion, egg, and black garlic aioli) and was really impressed- meat was the perfect texture, portion was well-sized, and all the ingredients came through in each flavor-packed bite. 
Returned for their pork belly bao, which was less traditional than expected with a bun that trended fried and almost crispy rather than fluffy. The protein was again well executed, and despite the simple ingredients, it was a really great dish. Looking forward to trying more!"
"Sushi Way is on the higher end of average for AYCE sushi in Vegas- service was great and most fish was decently fresh, but the rice was oddly wet and dense, which significantly detracted from my enjoyment. From reading other reviews, I was expecting more riceless options here, and though they weren't clearly marked, the few I found were good.

APPS: the poke is decent with seaweed, ahi, and a lot of onion in a sweet-spicy sauce, BF really enjoyed the coconut shrimp tempura, the tartare was interesting, screaming orgasm was quite small compared to others' orders?
NIGIRI: aside from the aforementioned rice issue, most fish seemed pretty fresh but some pieces were bland. Specials were pretty basic (fishy-tasting yellowtail with jalapeno, yuzu tobiko), salmon is my preferred fish but I didn't even request a second order because it didn't have much flavor... almost tasted like it had been frozen?
ROLLS: This area of the menu seems to be their forte, the ""Sushi Nachos"" would probably be more appropriately placed in the apps category but was my favorite. Lisa hand roll could use a sauce to perk it up but was one of the healthier options. The DD and Candy Cane rolls recommended in other reviews were typical, the YOLO seemed unique and yet flavor was lacking and fried onions were old and hard. 

I always recommend sitting at the bar, the chefs and server were super friendly. I don't know if it's their location or if they're just really popular, but they got crazy busy- recommend arriving early, as they were empty at 6PM and started a wait list around 7PM."
"I've heard great things about this place and the chocolatier, Jin, but unfortunately she was not in store when I made it by- the girl working was quiet and did not offer any information, asked several questions but she didn't seem interested in being social. It was awkward.

The 16-piece sampler box comes with a variety of Jinju's best offerings, including some bonbons, truffles, caramels, a few pieces each from the Keshi and Akoya collections, and a seasonal chocolate or two.
Favorites this visit included the espresso crunch, mint chocolate chip, cappuccino and sea salt caramel truffles, and the pumpkin spice and Jin-ger bread seasonals. 

Store is small but very cute, with informative plaques detailing the chocolate-making process and several different packages to pick from for gift-giving purposes. Pretty sure I'll be using my gift card on myself though: the peanut butter cup, PB&J truffle, and lemon white chocolate all have my name on them! I just hope Jin herself is working next time I pop by."
"Gama opened a few months back and likely succeeds in large part to being located in a plaza with three other Latinx businesses (Supermercado, Mariscos, Chamango) that bring in their target audience. Interior is clean and welcoming, with bright pink walls and plenty of cases of pastries, but service and product could benefit from a boost.

FIRST VISIT: Came in opening week, got conchas and coffee. Conchas were so light and fluffy, but coffee was a disaster- from the conversation I overheard, it seemed no one working the 9AM weekday shift knew how to operate the machine. 

SECOND VISIT: Ordered takeout tamales and cake. Immediately noticed that posted prices in store ($2) are lower than what is charged online ($2.50), which is minor but annoying, haven't seen price inflation elsewhere. Tamales were tasty but not as ordered, received two red chile and one green, no cheese-jalapeno. Only one employee working, the same one to box up and hand me my incorrect order didn't give a heads up or explanation. Still, they're tasty, traditional, and large for the price in a city that has limited options to begin with. Flan Fruta was lacking, overly sugary frosting paired with bland, watery leche, perhaps the Red Velvet fares better. 

THIRD VISIT: Placed a pickup order for a dozen pastries ($10.50 online, $9.50 On site) and a coffee to take to work. Order not packed til I arrived, which defeats the purpose of ordering ahead. Coffee was ordered iced and filled hot, incorrectly again and without explanation, again. When asked, they said it wasn't available cold despite being on menu. When I asked for a cup of ice to do it myself, they said they didn't have any? Coffee itself was weak but improved from first visit, pastries inconsistent in freshness- some were clearly a couple days old. Props for providing such a colorful order to take in, with multiple conchas as requested.

Across all visits, service had minor issues that even basic training should have rectified. I like that the variety (they also have sandwiches and empanadas) and that the prices are affordable, but they need to improve with so much competition nearby. Perhaps the owner cares but the male staff that filled my last two orders doesn't seem to."
"First star: I'm in agreement with everyone else that the ranch dressing here is like crack. It's garlicky and delicious, and I'm not normally a ranch fan.

Second star: I appreciate that they sell both Neapolitan and Sicilian pies, both whole and by the slice. Get a classic cheese slice, or add a topping. If you opt for meatball, it's a good amount, chopped and spread out over the slice. Neapolitan crust is crisper than expected but the cheese and sauce were very light and not particularly flavorful.

Third star: they have several different lunch combos, available Mon-Fri til 3PM. Most are $7-10, including various pastas, salads, sandwiches, and slices. They get surprisingly busy during a mid-week lunch, but service is quick and efficient."
"I'm a fan. Some hispanic friends straight up refuse to go to any other taco trucks, so convinced they are that this is the best spot in Vegas. I hadn't been in a while so I popped by after a game at Cashman. This spot is 24/7, and despite less workspace, put out better product than their brick and mortar restaurant a few blocks to the west. 

The tacos are solid, with pliable, thick corn tortillas that are heated but not fried or oily. The lengua is good and the asada is smoky, but for a place named after the al pastor, that particular protein didn't blow me away. The quesadillas are huge and though it's hard to go wrong with chicken and cheese, it's one of my favorites. Always ask for their orange salsa-  it looks like it would be habanero-based but it has a lot of flavor and not a ton of spice. This is one of the few places I don't care for the house green salsa."
"My usual dim sum go-to spot is Orchids Garden, getting here is a bit of a longer drive for me. Some items are better here than at OG, some are not. The pricing here is better, which makes for good value, as long as you're aware that there's a drop in service.

We were seated quickly- better plan to come earlier than you expect because it does get busy, fast. Table turn over wait doesn't seem too bad though. Service is dismal- I'm used to SF style dim sum houses where the cart ladies harass me to select an item every time they come by. Here, you practically have to beg for their attention in the first place- even if you're Asian, judging by the frustration at the table beside us.

A feast for two came in under $40- the roast duck and salt and pepper head-on shrimp were both $8 dishes (usually charged higher elsewhere), and their pork and shrimp shumai were among the best I've had, great quality. Disappointed that the shrimp dumplings were sticking together and falling apart, but they had good flavor. Chinese broccoli was average, coconut buns were above, pork buns were below. Kind of hit or miss, seems they're better for traditional dishes- didn't partake of the porridge or congee but saw several tables who did."
"A small specialty grocery store with mostly high-end (and high-priced) goods, but their knowledgeable and friendly staff set it apart from others.

 Unfortunately, I did not catch the name of the bespectacled gentleman who helped me, but he schooled me on all things caviar-related: they have a special caviar refrigerator on the counter but stock larger jars, frozen and seasonal. The smaller jars are kaluga, since beluga is illegal in the US. The frozen type is harvested in spring and fall. I could go on, but go visit in person and let him show you his magic in person.

Other awesome things in stock here include duck, lion fish, black garlic, and both french and russian blini!"
"The service is Hawaiian-style friendly but the prices are inflated like we're still on an island in the middle of nowhere. I'm not a fan of being nickle and dimed, and here that seems to be the specialty: over $3 for a cup of basic house coffee with only a single refill, a charge for extra syrups, nearly $4 to add tomato slices to a Benedict, $2 more to add mushrooms and onions to a prime rib omelet that arguably should include them in the first place, and an absurd egg white substitution fee. Even if I could get behind the charges, serving up meals over $10 on disposable plates is just cheap. And it makes no sense considering the upscale interior and metal cutlery. Newsflash, we're not in Hawaii any more. 

The food was okay. I'm used to Hawaiian food being on the salty side, but even ordering the breakfast specials there was a bit too much. The crab cake Benedict has a fairly good flavor, as does the garlic-cilantro salad dressing, but the hollandaise was super salty and the crab cake itself was an odd green color consisting mostly of filler causing it to resemble falafel. But it tasted fairly good. 

I work nearby and might pop in again for breakfast or lunch, but it won't be the first place I think of returning. Props for offering half-portions for several dishes, wish they would add fresh fruit as a side option. They are also adding baked goods to the menu soon."
"Went in for dinner with a girlfriend after seeing some local friends rave about this spot. She's a pescatarian, so we ordered in accordance with her diet. We both cook often at home and were a bit disappointed. Perhaps their meat dishes and specials (duck, foie, lamb, etc) are where they stand out- will keep this spot in mind for a revisit, particularly for the lamb.

We shared the fried squid legs app, the garlic shrimp plate, and the salmon plate (garlic butter instead of pepper sauce). Plates include instant-tasting mashed potatoes, plain and unseasoned corn and broccoli, and choice of rice or salad (noodles extra charge). Bill was about $60 for two, no drinks or dessert- prices are a bit high IMO.

The squid legs were a nice start to our meal, good portion size and crispy. The plates both had great presentation and our food smelled amazing as it cooked, but overall the seafood dishes seem to lack flavor- perhaps they should consider marinating the proteins, as all the flavor seemed to be left on the platter. Sides were plain, salad portion was generous but consisted only of romaine, a single tomato, and shredded cheese, didn't care for the house dressing. Desserts were about $8, went elsewhere. 

Location is clean and service was polite. Due to the food preparation, it is a bit smoky indoors- thankfully doors were open for a nice breeze during our visit, but they may need to invest in some sort of filtration system. Expect to absorb food odors as you would at a KBBQ spot."
"After a trip to Boston, I find myself appreciating (and craving!) lobster rolls a lot more. That being said, I was a little underwhelmed here. Freshness was palpable and the order I got was not skimpy, but portion was overpriced and I was just distinctly underwhelmed. I guess I thought what I received would be comparable in size/quality to what I got in a touristy area in Boston, but the only similarity was the high price.

Went in for the winter special, a truffle lobster sandwich- online menu said $18, add fries for $3. On site price was $19, no fries available (small location has no fryer). Sandwich was ready in mere seconds, fresh lobster bits tossed with truffle oil. Nearly $20 for a three-inch roll without any sort of garnish (you can request a pickle spear), no sides. Fresh, yes, but also underwhelming."
"Mala is a new Szechuan place, specializing in more traditional dishes, with a small selection of dim sum items. I stuck to appetizers and smaller tapas-style bites on my first visit but was pleased with the quality and service.

BABY WON TONS IN HOT CHILI OIL: The best! Tiny, delicate pouches with a pinch of filling, swimming in a fantastic chili oil with bits of garlic. This was my favorite dish, and one I'll be coming back for.
FISH ROLLS: Skinny rolls filled with fish and cilantro, wrapped in crispy won ton skins, reminded me of a fresh take on lamb cigars in Mediterranean cuisine. These were simple but good.
WOODEAR MUSHROOMS: BF picked this dish, and he liked it. I did not care for the jellied texture of the mushrooms. These were seasoned with a slightly-spicy sauce and a lot of lemongrass. 
CRISPY SHRIMP IN GARLIC OIL: Five crispy shrimp,  with a savory chopped mushroom topping, nicely cooked. I did not care for the ""garlic oil"", as it did not have much flavor and lent the dish a greasy feel. 
PORK AND SHRIMP SHUMAI: These were served in the steamer baskets, and had thicker skins than I am used to. The dipping sauce was a bit bland, but the filling was generous and balanced. 

Throughout our meal, service was attentive and polite. They are still in the grand opening stage until the end of the month, and have several promising-looking entrees and hotpot dishes."
"Not my favorite tea spot in Chinatown. Considering they recently opened and are in a corner area that doesn't get much traffic, I'm surprised they don't have more visible signage to draw in customers. On both visits, I have been the only patron. Service is fast and polite, and the decor is cute. First visit, house milk tea was decent but boba didn't seem fresh. Second visit was the opposite, with the specialty Hokkaido caramel tea being entirely too sweet even when ordering less sweetness, but the boba was just right. I like that the menu offers so much variety, but consistency aside, they're going to need to do some advertising and increase visibility to draw people in if they want to have a fighting chance."
"This place is the theme park version of your favorite Delta city- only smokier. And without the amazing food to redeem itself. On the bright side, they provide shuttles so apparently they're aware of their limited ability to hold people's interest.

Initially came by because they were hosting the western conference- there was also a Golden State game on, so I planned to hang in the sportsbook to get some action and watch both simultaneously. Unfortunately, the sports book here is stuck in time- the majority of TVs seemed dated and the larger screens were not even on. There is a limited number of nice chairs, and a lot of individual TV screens with buttons that do not work and no way to access the expanded channels with the preferred games.

As a result, BF and I sat apart to watch the games, and were peering up at two lone screens showing the GS game that were probably a good 80 feet away. I could barely make out the scores, let alone follow the plays and determine whether the calls were valid. Not a place to watch a game, at all.

Also, this is a SPORTS book. Is there any reason whatsoever for the fact that every other screen was showing not a game, but music videos? And old ones, at that: we're talkin' the Cranberries and Bob Marley. Not sure who fell asleep at the controls, but that's pretty bad for a place that's hosting a sports game to be so clueless in their execution of a sports book."
"Decent food court option: it's pricey like airport food, though. $8+ for a large sandwich, $4 to add a small drink/fry, $6 for a regular drink/fry add-on. It gets pricey fast.

But on the bright side, the cheesesteaks are actually pretty tasty. Your choice of cheese, several combinations of mushrooms, peppers, onions, etc. You can also customize fries and add cheese, gravy, chili, and other toppings. Not a place to hit on a diet."
"Some trusted friends recommended this place to me and I was unfortunately underwhelmed. In it's previous incarnation as I-Naba, they were known for their noodles. The chef assured me upon entry that they were still the same place with just a name change, and all the previous dishes were available.

I started with the chawanmushi appetizer, which I enjoyed. My guy opted for the cold soba noodle meal and was disappointed by the quality and flavor. Perhaps going the route with added tempura would have been a better choice. I'm not much of a fan in the first place, so I opted for a chirashi. Meal was beautiful and fairly priced at $15 including soup and salad, but some of the fish used was less than fresh and the spicy tuna seemed downright old. 

Might return for a bento lunch or noodle soup, which seems to be more in their wheelhouse. Promo menu features sake and beer specials. Note that they currently have a Yelp offer for half off an app."
"I swear I've had this spot bookmarked for literal years- Nate's 2016 review for the pizza burger and Bethany's 2017 review for the Resolution burger were exactly what put this spot on my radar. Note that those rave reviews are about limited-time monthly special feature burgers, not regular menu items, as is this review. The weekday only breakfast and lunch hours make it difficult for me to give my business but it's a spot I've gone out of my way to visit during work holidays.

OCTOBER: Ordered the featured Couch Potato burger (blue cheese crumbles, sweet potato waffle fries, bacon, garlic aioli, and barbecue sauce). The patty was a touch overcooked and the bacon was a little undercooked but the flavors of the toppings came together nicely and I found myself finishing this burger despite not being all that hungry. The side of fries is massive, crispy, and just a touch salty!

NOVEMBER: FB page advertised a turkey burger topped with cranberry and stuffing, so you know I had to come back. Arrived to discover a different burger, with many of the same toppings as the previous month (bacon and bbq sauce with provolone and yams). They were out of one of the key ingredients, subbed the sweet potato fries, which was fine. Burger itself was decent, with a juicy patty and filling portion. I never finish my fries here, the burger is so ample.

DECEMBER: Glad I called ahead. Special is a two-patty burger with provolone, bacon, and F&B sauce. Another month of very similar toppings. I'll keep checking in on this spot, hoping the pizza burger or something more on that level of novelty makes an appearance again soon.

Despite the name, they offer more than burgers, I just haven't tried anything else yet. $10 lunch specials seem like a good deal (other than wrap w/o protein), may return if in the area on a weekday but unlikely to go out of my way. A lot of their business is takeout, GrubHub ordering enabled on their Yelp business page- perhaps a better option to use if you are using a credit card, as they charge a steep 3.99% rate (see photos)."
"Bagel selection is pretty decent, and the bagels themselves are huge and tasty- good chew, strong flavors. You can even get them 14/$10, which is a pretty good deal. Just don't get them as a sandwich- it'll run you over $10! They have a Nova bagel special that is just under $9 but for the more generic veggie, turkey, etc sandwiches, it's pricey but comes with a side of chips, potato salad, or macaroni salad*.

The bialy, garlic, and everything bagel flavors are solid- they even offer a french toast bagel I haven't yet been brave enough to try. No whole wheat bagels or fat free cream cheeses available. They have a scallion cream cheese, herring and white fish in the refrigerator case, and matzo ball soup as a special. Don't leave without a black and white!

*NOTE: The pasta salad is made with Miracle Whip, consider yourself warned."
"YardHouse is a decent option for meeting up with friends- massive menu means there's something for everyone and the late-night hours at this particular location make it conducive to grabbing a bite or socializing before going out. However, the location is also exceptionally loud and service on a recent visit was less than attentive, even with a large party and a reservation. Luckily they didn't tack on autograt. The prices also seemed higher at this location than others, and the food just wasn't quite as good as usual.

AHI TUNA SALAD: Protein portion was noticeably less than at the Red Rock casino location.
CALAMARI: Portion size was good, breading wasn't too thick or too oily, and there was a good mix of whole pieces and rings. The dipping sauce was cold though.
GRILLED CHEESE & TOMATO BISQUE: Pretty good but nearly $14 for sliced cheese, bread, and tomatoes, is a bit ridiculous. Unclear whether other sandwich/burger orders include a side.
TACOS: $4 for various street tacos. They're street taco sized but not street taco priced and not very tasty either. Pass on the chicken, at least.
POKE NACHOS: Probably your best option. Well priced, good portion, and fresh. I liked the seasonings used, wasn't as salty as I'd expected. Easily shareable, too."
"Two thumbs up for T&F's second location! 
The bright Summerlin location has the same menu as the Henderson one, with FOUR awesome dishes that make them stand apart from the many other poke bowl spots in town.

+ Avocado boats! Good low carb option with healthy fats. Poke scooped in an avocado half. Light and delicious.
+ Poke tacos! Available at 2/$5 as an app that works as a fun snack, able to be customized with an added topping or sauce. Super fun new way to do Taco Tuesday!
+ Pineapple bowls. OMG. I'm not much of a pineapple fan but dangit if I don't want one of these. Same as a regular DIY or specialty poke bowl, just served in a scooped out pineapple half. It's like the oversized citrus version of the avocado boats.
+ Acai bowls! Wanna make healthy choices but don't want fish? If the chicken/beef options aren't your thing, the acai bowl is another option. Pretty and fresh, I'll be getting one of these next!

Service is friendly, but staff seem to be new so there may be slight delays as they get more familiar with the menu. This location is slightly closer to me than the first. I'm thrilled to have another location to frequent when I want to pick a reliably great place for poke. Take your order outside to enjoy on the covered patio!"
"Am I the only person who didn't expect to pay an entry fee to browse a bunch of junk? Well, it's only a dollar, but still.

Lots more booths here than I expected, you can probably find just about anything you need at various price points, including wigs, clothing and accessories, light up neon business signage, knock-off perfume and cosmetics, and a few snack options.

Nothing here really blew me away- except maybe the giant kangaroo statue in the middle of a vacant aisle with no signage, and The Snake Guy. Check him out, and maybe the Hawaiian snack store, but otherwise this place is pretty pathetic."
"I recently dragged a friend to Bank Atchawaran's new spot in Chinatown, craving classic Khao Soi and some spicy comfort food. The space is elegant with cozy seating and dim lighting, more of a wine bar with good food than a restaurant with a great wine list. His somm skills are lost on me though, as I rarely drink- for those who do, note that the by-the-glass list is limited here, so come with a friend who shares your tastes to split a bottle.

Menu has changed since opening but hasn't been updated online or on their social media. I came in craving classic Khao Soi from northern Thailand (arguably the chef's area of specialty) and it was no longer on the menu. I did get my fix of spicy comfort food though- both the Panang with crispy prawns and the Drunken Noodles with crispy duck had juicy and generous protein with a comfortable spice level. While good, the curry dish inexplicably doesn't come with rice and doesn't have much actual curry. While I enjoy the plentiful prawns, it wasn't what I expected and plating this with a rice base would have made for easier eating.  Dessert menu has 4 selections, the coconut cake was pretty and shareable for a sweet note to end the night.

Service throughout was warm and attentive without being intrusive and the atmosphere here lends itself to lingering- we spent three hours chatting over our meal without even realizing it! Bank himself made an appearance toward the end of the night and stopped to visit a few tables of regulars. Server heard my request for the Khao Soi and checked with the kitchen to see if they could make it, but an essential ingredient was missing- will be calling before my next visit in the hopes I can get my fix!"
"If you're into microbrews, this place is for you! 40 or so taps available, website lists what's currently up, good variety. Best bet is to go with the flight, letting you pick six beers, each a 4oz pour, for $16. Bar staff is friendly, several TVs to watch whatever game you're into.

But you may want to eat elsewhere. BF ordered the Juicy Lucy, said it was just alright, overcooked. Side of house fries is seasoned nicely. I opted for the Arrogant Bastard Steak Salad, much hyped by Tony T. It's an ample portion of meat, and I liked the dressing, but felt there were only minimal greens- maybe this is a salad best ordered by guys who don't like salads. 

 In addition to putting out average food, kitchen staff is slow- took 30+ minutes to get our orders, and we were the only ones eating. Now we know why. At $13/dish, plus the $16 flight, and tip, total was $50. Didn't really have the quality to justify the pricing, can have better for less at other bars around town."
"I'm not huge on dessert, but Italian ice lets me get my cold-sweet fix without going overboard. Rita's is a chain, but a favorite because their quality is consistent and their staff are super friendly. This location seems to have a smaller selection than others, which makes some sense being that they serve out of  a window instead of having a full location. I've only been by twice, but the staff aren't as friendly here as at others. Join their e-club for birthday freebies and sale alerts. Note that seating is outdoors (but covered), and parking can be difficult to find in the Pawn Plaza area."
"I'm a big fan of this place! I've been by several times now and try to time visits to the area to coincide with a morning coffee run. Their food menu is thoughtful and all items received have been photogenic. Service here is attentive and personable, too. I really like how they've expanded their outdoor seating area and added coverage for shade. If want to go with a group, they do take reservations or you can go early to snag one of their larger tables.

Favorite items include their specialty lattes and their toasts- the salmon toast is super fresh, elevated egg salad is unique and filling, and avocado toast is well portioned. I don't love that their iced drinks have an extra fee, and a couple orders have been incorrect- like the grilled cheese they're promoting on an outside board that was delayed and incomplete (no pesto, see pics). Staff were great about explaining delays and doing what they could to rectify, situation was handled gracefully and we'll be back."
"Tucked away in an unassuming strip mall, is this gem of healthy eating. Not too many reviews mention it, but this place has a stellar selection of salads, all on display at the counter for you to select as sides. They're nearly $3/scoop, but they're big scoops and the ingredients are quality- bf and I sampled the beet salad (with citrus, pickled onion, and hazelnuts), the tandoori chicken salad (with mango, papaya, coconut, cucumber, red onion, and cilantro), and the curry cauliflower salad (with kale, golden raisins, almonds, and pickled onion). Each was bursting with flavor, and getting a couple sides could easily be a light meal.

For our entrees, we opted for the hangar steak chimmichurri on a bed of truffled Israeli couscous wild mushrooms risotto style and the free range marguerite chicken with quinoa, asparagus and roasted cherry tomatoes. I initially felt the $14/plate was a little steep considering average pricing for their salads, sandwiches, and other dishes- but as soon as our plates came out, it was clear that the price was worth it. The ingredients, again, were high quality, and even the plating was beautiful and made the food look good- everything looked exactly as in the photos on the menu. The taste was off the charts! The meats were clearly cooked fresh and in good portions, the sauces for each dish were complex and delicious, and the sides/vegetables complemented the protein perfectly. 

The guys in the kitchen clearly know what they're doing, and it shows in the care and quality that come out on each plate. I'm happy to have another healthy dining option in the area- next time, I plan to try the ahi tuna sliders or the pan-seared salmon!

Side note: Take out menu states that they have happy hour 3pm-5pm daily on selected menu items. We were there at 5pm but no specials were mentioned to us, nor did we notice any on the posted dine-in menu."
"My experience was not like the stellar reviews of others. Great, friendly service but food was kind of lackluster- duck curry barely had any duck, tom kha soup was overwhelmingly spicy with few mushrooms and lots of dry chicken. It's my favorite Thai dish and I tossed the majority of the order. Takeout order was ready quickly and employees were very nice, but I'm apprehensive about trying other dishes here. May return for the crab fried rice."
"Wow, if this is the type of aquariums future generations have to look forward to, there won't be many animals left to live in them. Unlike other aquariums that focus on education and conservation, this one is clearly focused on making money by entertaining kids. That shouldn't surprise anyone given that the location is in a shopping mall, but I was lured here by multiple emails trying to get teachers to come in to see why this would make a great educational field trip for their students. Spoiler alert, it wouldn't.  

Prices are high for admission, and they immediately try to upsell you tokens for feedings. I counted 11 stations to feed animals. This can't possibly be healthy or in alignment with dietary needs. Additionally, most of the tanks are open-air and placed so kids can put their hands in and touch the animals, splash around, etc. and I saw a kid almost fall in. The largest portions of the business are the gift shop, the outdoor playground area, and the water play area attached to the snack bar. 

I did interact with a few staff members. Some were knowledgeable and answered questions or otherwise engaged with customers or animals. Others were less professional, swearing with their buddies or wearing their pants halfway down their rears.

There is a decent selection of animals here, both the kind you might expect at an aquarium (clown fish, dory, otters, moon jellies, lion fish, iguanas, lizards) as well as some that just seem to be thrown in because they're cheap (birds and chickens). Most enclosures have info plaques  but most have nowhere for the animal to go to escape the constant interaction with visitors. I tried to remain neutral after seeing some of the headlines about this place, but I'm with those who think it should be shut down."
"Every casino has some sort of attempt at a classy steakhouse- this is Boulder Station's. It's not bad for what it is, with a decent selection of steaks and seafood. Prices are low, quality is higher than the pricing leads you to expect, and the service is on par with a non-casino steakhouse (in other words, good).

There are quite a few apps to pick from- the escargot is my recommendation, but the scallops are good too. Interestingly, they have a large soup and salad bar as the main focal point of the dining room, and it's free with most of the featured entrees (or $14 a la carte)- lots of fresh veggies to pick from, two soups, and it's unlimited.

The prime rib is a popular entrée here, order early or be prepared to settle for medium. If you're a rare-or-nothing kind of person, the porterhouse is a good backup. Just don't gnaw on the bone like a caveman.

TIP: If you have the BS players card, you will get quarterly coupons via mail for $20 credit here ($40 minimum)!"
"Nomad Krav Maga is the latest to join the Syndicate gym family: now krav, MMA, and crossfit can all be found under one roof! I recently attended intro classes on krav and self defense (knife skills and hostage avoidance) and received a tour of their facilities. 

The staff are friendly and the classes are practical, with reality-based drills and krav-based skills. Unfortunately, our reality is one in which self defense skills are a necessity these days and the only way you will know what to do in a dangerous situation is to practice for it. Shannon creates a safe and positive environment in which to do it, with a welcoming and down to earth atmosphere. They also have women's programs to ease into their style of workouts, coupled with a nutrition program.  

If you're interested in joining, they have lunchtime and evening classes and new member specials. There's a three-day trial available to test it out and see if it's for you. Their location is pretty far from my home and work, so I will not be able to do more than occasionally pop in- but if you're in the SW area, give them a try."
"It's been three years since I left Texas and the easy access to great Tex-Mex cuisine. Whenever I meet a fellow Texan in Las Vegas, they recommend this spot when the cravings hit. I put off visiting for the longest time, but now that I've popped in a couple of times, I can agree that they are both consistent and fairly close to what I liked back home.

The menu is huge and a bit overwhelming. I find it best to go with a combo, all of them are enormous portions. The #5 is a favorite, with a cheese enchilada (that red sauce!) and a green chile pork burrito (wet style), AND a crispy chicken taco. It's a ton of food even before the requisite chips, salsa, and bean dip, plus a bowl of warm fideo soup, and sides of rice and beans. The prices are a bit high ($15-20 meal) but the portions are large enough to share- my guy and I usually add on a chile relleno ($5) if we're extra hungry.

The service is friendly and attentive. I love the traditional decor and server uniforms. This spot reminds me of Mi Tierra on the Riverwalk, but without the tamed-down flavors for the tourists or an on-site bakery. I find that I prefer dining in the bar area where I can get in and out quickly without waiting for a table- this spot gets pretty busy, even on weekdays."
"I haven't reviewed a froyo place in ages because they're basically all the same, right? Well, no. Super Swirl is awesome. Limited but GREAT flavors (like green tea), and the swirl option to mix different ones for cool combos like coconut and horchata! Traditional toppings are also a bit limited (the only fresh fruit I saw was kiwi?) but they have several types of boba (blueberry?!), mochi, and even multiple kinds of lychee. The owner is friendly and sweet, and it's evident that their quality more than makes up for their limited range of flavors. 

TIP: check in on the app for a free waffle bowl!"
"Their $1 pizza slices are a great lunch deal- unfortunately, after 4:30PM they stop selling by the slices, which is a personal pet peeve of mine. I am frequently a solo diner and ordering an entire pizza is a bit ridiculous, and if you offer slices as an option at all I see no reason to limit it to lunch (even if there is a price difference after a certain time).

Regardless, I came back to take advantage. The crust is light, thin, and crispy, and the sauce flavor is nicely balanced. I did feel it was a bit lighter on the cheese than I would have preferred. Shakers of pepper and parm are available on each table and helped perk up the pie. 

Atmosphere/decor is all red brick and red-checkered table cloths with photos of NY everywhere, which I dig. Outdoor seating is available, as are beer and wine. Good neighborhood spot, quick service."
"This is the closest smog spot for me- exterior isn't anything fancy, and no one was here when I walked up. Check in the adjacent gas station convenience store and someone will be right out...

There are posted notices about a discount for using cash, but no posted prices? The employee who helped me was friendly, but a bit odd. He rather discretely whispered to me that he was going to charge me $20- which was the regular price printed on the form, so I'm not sure what the deal was there.

Not the best area. A homeless guy was standing around telling me I was pretty and making me extremely uncomfortable before the Smog guy shooed him off. Over and done with in under 5 minutes though, and he gave me some helpful tips about registering my car."
"Popped by on Meatless Monday to check out Henderson's newest vegan-friendly spot. I've been to their other location on the East side and this one has the same menu but with a strip-mall location (instead of a food court). It's an upgrade in setting without an upgrade in pricing, which I can appreciate.

That said, while the menu has a variety of Asian noodle, soup, and sandwich choices with fake meat products, I was a little underwhelmed again. The sauces, like in the chicken curry, are solid, but all of their sandwiches are on bread that is so thick that it is offputting. Bahn mi aren't known for being packed with protein but when 80% of my bite is bread, I'm not a happy camper. The ""chicken"" they use here is not my favorite, the texture is a bit off, but I do enjoy their ""shrimp"". It's a great find for vegetarians and vegans but omnivores may not find much to like about this place."
"Decent selection of fresh-baked Asian pastries and a few cakes thrown in for good measures- majority of selection is buns (coconut, red bean, taro, egg, pork) and some breakfast foods (ham and cheese, scallion and ham, hotdog). Most treats are priced at either $1.25 or $1.75, with a $10 card minimum, so take cash unless you're feeding an army.
Everything is made fresh daily, in house, and wrapped in individual cellophane wrappers before being put out for sale. If you want something specific, best to get there early- by lunch they're usually out of a few things. There's a cooler of drinks (including chilled Starbucks) towards the back and only one or two small tables to dine-in."
"Who doesn't love a cheap, Strip-adjacent meal?! And it's another hotdog chain to add to the list including Dog Haus and Dirt Dog. Also add it to the list of business moving here from NYC with Halal Guys and Shake Shack. I have no previous experience with this chain, but I wasn't really impressed. Seems like it would be a hit after a night of drinking, though.

All specialty dogs are $4. I guess that's not ridiculous, like White Castle's Strip price markup, but note that NY locations price the dogs lower and it varies by dog, which makes sense given the variety of ingredients. Plus this location isn't even on the Strip, so...?

Their slogan is, ""It's all about the snap!"" and mine didn't have much. The Pig in Da Blanket, with cheese, bacon, and grilled peppers, was okay, but not something I'd go out of my way for.  Surprisingly, I enjoyed my tropical drink (Coconut Champagne) more, would try others. Note that their cocktail menu is currently not available yet!"
"Such pretty, photogenic dishes! I have been looking forward to going to Pier 215 for ages and finally made plans to go for a belated Valentines dinner with my guy. The location is nicely appointed and intimate, with twinkle lights and a great view. It's a date-night spot for sure. Menu is massive, something for everyone- and again, every dish comes out so beautifully. They really pay attention to plating, everything we had was so photogenic!

PANKO SOFT SHELL CRAB: I LOVE soft shell crab, and the presentation was fun on this one. But other than the actual crab, I didn't care for this dish. It's plated on pureed sweet potato, a flavor that failed to elevate or highlight the delicate crab flavors. And serving this with tartar sauce was also a bizarre choice that didn't really work. Maybe this would have benefitted from more of the honey-mustard instead.
GARLIC BUTTER SEARED TUNA: Gorgeous, light, flavorful. Really liked this dish, and BF compared it to the version served at another of our favorite izakaya style spots in town. Fish was fresh, flavors were bright and harmonious.
PAN ROASTED LITTLE NECK CLAMS: So conflicted! The mussels were huge and meaty, like the ones we had up in Canada. But the broth! It was so bland! That's supposed to be the highlight of a dish like this, and it needs to be served with a crusty bread to soak it up. This had so much potential! 
CLAM MUSHROOM MISO SOUP: One of the more traditional menu items. The miso was muted and the clams were nice, and there was additional tofu and seaweed as expected. But I didn't come across a single mushroom. 
SUSHI DINNER ($25): 10 pieces of nigiri + tuna roll. BF and I were in agreement that this was AYCE quality sushi. Fish was cut paper-thin, and several slices improperly. Half were cut against the grain, which kills the cell and destroys the flavor. These pieces were hard to chew and didn't highlight the buttery texture and fresh flavors of the fish. Very disappointing! Did we just get the sub-par remnants after they got slammed for the holiday? 
215 ROLL: Went with their namesake roll ($22), packed with several ingredients (lobster, soft shell crab, asparagus, mango, micro cilantro, tuna, salmon, avocado, den miso sauce). Again, it was a gorgeous dish. But it just didn't work. Throwing all your best ingredients into a single roll doesn't work if the flavors aren't balanced. There were bits of fruitiness from the mango and crunch from the asparagus, but the fish was not highlighted and the roll was overwhelmingly dry. My guy refused to eat more than two pieces, which is unheard of.

We were disappointed with our meal. Maybe I would have fared better ordering from the pasta dishes and grilled meats featured in their ""specialties"" section. The quality does not match the expectation set by the price point. You eat with your eyes first, so maybe that's where the extra star or two come from in some of these rave reviews.  

I plan to go back for the sashimi rice bowl for lunch and hope for a better experience. Maybe I'll return for their tapa and raw bar items, like the oysters and the octopus carpaccio. But as Rod U said, the fish quality is closer to AYCE than to the upscale caliber expected, unfortunately."
"I've been drooling over the menu for quite some time- there's literally nothing on it I would not eat, all a matter of pacing to eventually get through all of it. The meats are obviously the highlight, but the rest of the dishes are done fairly well too. I especially appreciate the small plates setup, as that's how I prefer to order my meals.

BONE MARROW CARNE ASADA: Can we have a moment of silence for this dish? It was a spectacular start to our evening, my only wish is for more. Loved the slight char to the crostini, the marinated red onions added the perfect acidity to cut through the fat.
CAULIFLOWER, Chili de Arbol, Crispy Shallots & Onions: such a great combination of flavors, but the toppings don't really stick to the cauliflower making it a bit difficult to actually enjoy the dish as intended. Advise cooking the cauliflower a bit softer.
BRUSSELS SPROUTS, Pistachio & Fresh Lemon: I love sprouts but didn't care for them in this dish, BF enjoyed them though. Seemed under seasoned to me.
Texas Slow-Smoked BRISKET, white grits & braised greens: thick-cut, smoked to deliciousness, brisket with a delightful barbecue sauce and some really great parmesan and garlic grits. Really enjoyed the kale and onions. Would order again! 
CARAMEL TURTLE sundae: salted caramel ice cream topped with peanut brittle pieces, bourbon sauce, bittersweet chocolate chunks, and whipped cream. An upscale take on a classic chocolate-and-caramel ice cream treat, beyond indulgent to begin with and also an enormous portion. Loved the texture that the brittle added.

Service was on point, starting with an introduction by the owner and continuing with Luke throughout the evening. Sat on the heated balcony with a great view of the Tivoli Village fountain and the full moon in the sky, classy and romantic ambiance. 
Will be back to try more of the menu and update accordingly."
"Flippin' Good is a flippin' cheap option for Fremont Street eats- two can easily dine under $20, and that's with a side and dessert to share! I was excited about this spot opening but hesitant to visit given the generally-underwhelmed reviews, but their claims of freshness eventually tempted me through the door. 

BURGERS: The menu lists single- and double-burgers for each style, I opted for the classic and realized why. The patty thickness is somewhere between White Castle and Dollar Menu Double. Props for offering a lettuce-wrapped version. Beef quality, like all the other reviews, lends itself to a less-favorable comparison to that West coast chain. The turkey burger retained a surprising juiciness and the toppings were fresh.
FRIES: The regular variety are lightly salted, but if your a fan of spice, opt for the Flippin' Spicy style. I openly admit that these were WAY too spicy for me, with tons of chopped grilled jalapenos in every nook and cranny. These were perfectly topped too: so much cheese and pepper that it was difficult to find bare fries, even at the bottom. A win for most people, a lose for me, because it rendered the dish inedible, but this is entirely my fault.
CONCRETE:  A few specialty versions for a sweet dessert treat, BF opted for the Brownie Delight, whose chocolaty tones were reminiscent of a Frosty, in a good way. The 10oz small is just the right size and the bits of brownie blended in added a nice texture that didn't take away from the overall creaminess.

Service was quick and cheery, space is clean and welcoming with framed, mirrored windows on the walls lending a farm-house feeling. This is a nice addition to the area given their relatively low price point and the fact that they deliver on their promised freshness. But it's not the kind of meal I'll cross town for, nor one I can justify paying a parking fee to access due to the location. Outside of the downtown area, I'd probably be more inclined to give them another try."
"Don't get your heart set on any one dish here, because chances are, they'll be out of it. I have come by more than once when my first choice dish was unavailable. Perhaps they don't stock certain meats because they don't get much business, but I haven't noticed a consistent trend as to which items are out.

The fried catfish was just okay- lots of peppers and onions, good amount of basil, but spicier than expected. The three-color curry is hyped as being ""only available here!"", but the version at Le Thai is a bit better, this one was watery. I keep wanting to try their green curry fried rice, but it has been out twice now- which is baffling, considering they still obviously serve both rice and curry.

Heads up, the spice scale is wonky- it's one to four, and a two is hotter than expected. I guess the choice is none or too much? No clue."
"I heard about this place from friends- it's not an area I usually venture out to, but I was intrigued by the idea of Thai street food in Vegas. Unfortunately, aside from the wraps, they have a pretty standard menu.

THAI CHICKEN WINGS: Good flavor in the sauce but otherwise a bit on the dry side, price was okay for the portion but this didn't stand out as something I'd get again.
CRYING TIGER WRAP: grilled sliced beef, lettuce, tomato, onion, mint, cilantro, and rice wrapped in a tortilla with a spicy lime sauce. I really enjoyed the sauce and the tender meat, but there was no rice in my wrap. It was mostly stuffed with lettuce, which made it lighter than the burrito-esque food I was expecting.

Staff was friendly when I went to pick up my order. They did inform me that the curries were popular, and they were likely removing the wraps from the menu. Despite the seedy area, the interior was nicely decorated with dark wood and large color photos of Thailand street markets. Disappointed that they don't actually have anything resembling street food here.

NOTE: Pricing is a little high for the area, such as $10 for an entrée without rice (additional $3) and all apps seem to be about $8. Not super high or anything, just not consistent with expectations for Industrial Rd."
"Cool location, friendly staff, great menu, but lacking in the execution.
Halloween celebration included live music and a costume contest, prize being a PBR guitar- interesting and unique.

Most unique-sounding burger: Baby Face Nelson! Great quality meat, well-seasoned but undercooked (medium arrived rare), two thin and dismal slices of brie were overpowered by the generous amount of gritty fig marmalade. Adding onions to this burger mellowed out the overall taste profile a bit. Good quality but proportions were off in the dish.

Clam chowder side was not my thing: found the dish bland, waitress brought over salt and pepper with the dish. BF liked it, large chunks of clam were appreciated, but overall I can't say I'd order it again.

Service was friendly throughout visit. Love their promotion of the Rouge Farms Pumpkin Patch Ale- though at $7.50/pint, it's not cheap but love seeing it on tap."
"Happy Lemon is an established tea shop chain back in Shanghai known for their salted cheese foam topping, and this is their first location in Vegas. Grand opening promo weekend had BOGO drinks, which was a good opportunity to try their signature drinks at a discount. Despite the crowds, staff seemed to get drinks out fairly fast and they double checked that orders were correct. Drink pickup system with a handheld character coin is useful.

I've tried the C4 (kumquat lemon jasmine green tea), E4 (black tea latte), G4 (grapefruit lemon slushy), and one of the mango drinks. I like how the tea tastes fresh and you can customize sweetness and ice levels as far down as 30%. They are also good about letting you know when you request something outside of their recommended levels- I typically go less sweet but on the grapefruit slushy they stated half-sweet may be too tart, and 75% instead was a good fit for me. I added their cheese foam to one drink and it's not really my thing. I do like that most drinks have some sort of fruit addition that adds to the freshness and flavor."
"Think of all of the delicious, delicate desserts and confections the French make. They're pretty well known for their sweets, with an emphasis on presentation, so their end product is as visually pleasing as it is tasty. They also have a penchant for pricing their goods a bit higher, yeah?

Enter Amorino- surprisingly nestled in a nondescript kiosk at Town Square, you'll find several jaw-droopingly good flavors of french gelato, served by fresh-from-Paris staff (complete with accent!), great coffee, and perhaps most excitingly, maracons al gelato- that's right. Macarons stuffed with gelato. They're downright decadent.

Staff is happy for you to sample as many flavors as you want- I loved all of them in different ways, from the chocolate sorbetto to the pistachio and caramel. The vanilla rum macaron was my favorite bite of the night...

But those French like profiting from your sweet tooth. The 2/$5 macaron price tag might shock your tastebuds right off. Adding on a small Americano and a small cup of gelato (carefully scooped and shaped into a flower!) will bring your total to $16- a bit steep for dessert, but the quality is really high."
"Holy diabeetus for breakfast, Batman! Majority of menu is sugar-based, and comes in portions more appropriate for a competitive eater or a truck driver than a normal human being. But hey, value! Best advised to come with a group and split a few dishes- you must get the microbrew French press coffee as your beverage though, it's damn delicious and bottomless, for a low $5/person.

YELLOW BRICK ROAD PANCAKES ($14): butterscotch and caramel for flavor, and walnuts add just the right amount of crunch for texture.  Good option that is a little tamer than some of the others. Portion is massive, consider it a victory if you can finish even just ONE whole pancake (order of three). The vanilla whipped cream is amazing.

OMELETE ""MY SOUL"" ($15): stuffed with green chiles and jack cheese for spice, choice of protein (steak is best), and topped with sour cream, avocado, and pico. Good combination of flavors, odd fake egg texture to the dish that I just could not get over.

Service was friendly and the garage-style decor was cool, but dear lord, please redo your menu: it's a mess of italic and bold fonts and every punctuation mark known to man (ellipses, tildes, parentheses in every description, and exclamation points galore). Just reading it made my eyes bleed, it looks like an 11-year-old's school project."
"Hattie B's Vegas location is better than the one in Nashville. There, I said it. My experience in Tennessee was marred by a long wait and ""hot"" chicken that wasn't even hot- apparently their spice scale is pretty lenient. And if you factor in the parking ticket I got there, the Cosmo parking fees are cheaper.

This location was better all the way around. There was a line but it was short and moved quickly, and food was out fast. As for the spice, the medium heat sando had cayenne coming off on my hands just picking it up- this isn't a complaint, medium was satisfyingly spicy, it's a comfortable heat level provided you had a drink. Rumor has it the spice scale is more aggressive here, complete with an exclusive ""Vegas hot"" level that I would not try myself.

The sandwich ($12 w/side) here was great, huge, juicy breast topped with slaw and pickles to help cool off. My go-to side here is the pimiento mac, which is creamy and cheesy with a nice little kick to it. Also shared a chicken tender plate with friends ($11, same heat level), with greens and potato salad, and I found that I prefered my original order across all items. Hankering to go back for that exact order as I type this up!"
"If you find yourself in the Lake Las Vegas area and find that you need anything from a snack to basic necessities like pet food and toilet paper, Seasons is your spot. Particularly if you are staying at the nearby Hilton, this is your one-stop shop for anything you may have forgotten at home, with a slight convenience inflation- but nothing like inside the hotel. Convenient for those visiting the lake who forgot essentials like sunblock, which will predictably run you double the usual price. 

Grocery area has a good mix of fresh produce, freezer convenience foods, and shelf-stable staples (tuna, beans, pastas). Most of their beverages are in refrigerators so they're ready for immediate consumption. There were a good amount of ""healthy"" and specialty diet options like veggie-based pastas, gluten free bread, and vegan dairy choices. On-site deli area has soups, sandwiches, and fresh juices."
"In a word: incredible. Celine's voice sounds just as strong and powerful as it did on my Walkman in the 90s. This show experience, despite the large theater, was intimate and personal, and Celine came off as extremely genuine.

Show starts with a slide show of her late husband, Rene, and she speaks about him frequently between songs, making for a very emotional concert experience. The music is well-selected with a variety of hits, some jazz numbers, a french song, and a two-song encore; Bridgette L's recent review provides a current set list (thanks B!).

The stage decor is fairly simple, with understated backgrounds and specialized lighting, with Celine supported by a few vocalists and an entire live orchestra- they all sound amazing. Definitely stay through to the very end of the performance- whether you are sick and tired of the Titanic song or not, the way it is performed as the second to last song is impressive."
"Amber has great taste in vintage clothing AND a charming personality! She's great about greeting people at the door and touring them around the store, professional and friendly. All of the stock here is gorgeous. It's just too bad I don't have a 17-inch waist or a black AmEx, but if I did I'd go wild here.

Selection includes apparel for both men (lots of new shirts) and women- favorite items are their special occasion dresses and coats. The Persian lamb coat with the mink collar is just one of several incredible pieces, all with papers of authenticity. The accessories and jewelry here are more towards the rockabilly style.

Additional note: Amber is the #1 distributor in the state for Makeup Eraser, an all-natural makeup removal product that is reusable and only uses water! $20 for a great gift for any woman."
"Goat yoga- you've seen it on Facebook, and now you don't have to drive all the way out to Spring Mountain Ranch to participate! GYLV has partnered with Tivoli Village to offer Monday evening classes for the fall, and I was able to participate in the inaugural class. While there is yoga, it's a laid-back practice and the emphasis is very much on playing with and taking photos of or with the animals. Staff were friendly, warning us of the forecast of ""raisins and waterfalls"" to watch out for, and attentive to the needs of both livestock and participants. 

I appreciate that the class started on time and that there was so much interaction with the goats- from specific poses that encouraged them to climb on participants, to treats being used by staff to get goats to evenly disperse around the area. This is a fun activity to do with friends or coworkers, and I found my Monday funk far uplifted by the interaction with the sweet animals. You can tell that they are very well cared for."
"I am low-key a huge fan of dollar stores- but like, real dollar stores, where everything is an actual dollar, not The Dollar Store where it's more of a misnomer. Anyway, I thought JT's would be like a local version of the 99 cent store and it is... to a degree.

Almost everything I saw was actually a dollar, big plus. This meant some items were marked up (cans of salt, certain food items) and others were nicely cheap (detergent, dish soap). Unfortunately, there were no fun finds here that make dollar stores fun. The experience actually stressed me out because the shop was so cluttered. I could find what I was looking for, but it's definitely far more messy than it should be."
"Bulgarian food for the win! Don't let the sketchy plaza turn you off, the interior is upscale and cozy and the food is delicious. If you don't know where to start with the menu, order the Mixed Grill Plate and the Shopska salad- for under $25, it's enough for two to share for a meal and still not finish it all. 

Plate has four different meats (the skewer was my favorite), three side salads (potato, bean, and cabbage), and a house bread. The salad is huge and covered in delicious Bulgarian feta cheese. Could use more olives and onions, was mostly tomato and cucumber but very tasty."
"China Poblano is one of those spots that has always been on my mental list of places to try- a list that never ends, living in Vegas! I've enjoyed my visits to other Jose Andres restaurants, so stopping here was only a matter of time. I ended up coming in with a friend for their Restaurant Week 2018 menu- 7 dishes across 4 courses, and we added on their queso fundido because cheese is life! The queso was stringy and flavorful, served with fresh, hand-made tortillas that complemented it well- made a good add-on at only $10. 

The first three courses were served as duo dishes with one Chinese and one Mexican option each, starting with coconut ceviche spoons and traditional shu mai. The ceviche marinated young coconut meat in a way that made it texturally resemble fish, and I was quite impressed by the robust flavors. The shu mai, while prettily plated with gold flake, tasted standard to me. Second course was the Ensalada de Chayote and Golden Fried Pork Buns. The salad was gorgeous but lacked flavor despite the unique components (squash ribbons, peanut praline sauce, hibiscus dressing), while the buns were surprisingly impressive with a perfectly crispy, chewy skin filled to bursting with a flavorful barbeque pork, well complemented by house-made condensed milk that I almost didn't even try! Third course was a pollo a la Padilla taco, made with more handmade tortillas and grilled chicken, and smelled and tasted amazing, paired with a massive bowl of 20-vegetable fried rice. The rice was well-made and nicely accented with carrots cut into butterfly shapes, but by then we were so full that the rice largely went unfinished. Leftovers made more than enough for a second meal! Dessert was a churro with Oaxacan chocolate- a small but tasty bite. I enjoyed the chocolate more than the churro, which was more soft than crispy. 

All in all, this was a great meal and a great value- four courses at $30, spanning a good deal of their more recommended dishes. If you miss Restaurant Week, they also have a $45 tasting menu (see photos for courses) that looks like a decent deal too- my experience was so positive, I'd consider coming back for that!"
"Solid food court option. Downside is that they can't package to go, but their pricing is surprisingly reasonable for the captive audience inside of a mall. Their $5 deal for a small chicken philly and fries is an ample portion of food, but you'll probably want to upgrade to their gourmet fries.

Staff is quick and efficient, outside of a food court the quality of food would be considered mediocre but it's a better choice than smoothies and Panda Express."
"Solid Chinese cuisine! Dine in for a nicer sit-down experience with attentive service, call or use the Yelp app for takeout if you're in a hurry. I've done both since my gym is in the same plaza and food is consistently fresh and well priced with generous portions.

DINE IN: So much to pick from, good group dining option to try more dishes. The spicy wontons are a must-get for me, and they're actually pretty spicy here compared to other spots. The honey walnut shrimp is one of the better versions I've had in town. Proteins are cooked correctly and still moist, sauce levels can be adjusted or ordered on the side. Entrees are portioned for sharing, especially the rice and noodle dishes. They also have a HH from 3-6PM at the bar, and a small section of dim sum dishes (mostly dumplings).  I need to go back for the duck and desserts!

TAKEOUT: I order on the Yelp app from my driveway and it's ready when I arrive. I really appreciate that the lunch menu is available for takeout, total came to about $10 and I had leftovers. The beef and broccoli has a great sauce, lemon chicken is pounded thin and cooked crispy the way I like rather than in chunks (like their orange chicken). The miso salmon will probably be my next pick. I do wish they offered brown rice as an option."
"There's a growing number of healthy restaurants in Vegas, but those that deal in raw food are very few- location is hard to find but worth the search. Bonus points for having lakeside seating to dine alfresco!

Menu mostly consists of veggie pasta dishes, buckwheat pizzas,  wraps, soups, and the obligatory salads, juices, and smoothies. Wraps are made with collard green  leaves, and a half order will get you two- the Mexi wrap (nuts, seeds, herbs, guac, and salsa) and the Mediterranean wrap (hummus, sprouts, veggies) are both tasty. I prefer to get half of each to make a solid meal that clocks in just under $15.

Location is a little odd- it's part diner, part bookstore, has the feel of a hippie crystal store, and friendly staff. Parking can be difficult as there are other popular businesses in the plaza but this one is tucked in an awkward corner."
"The Gelato Goddess is back in business! Desyree was the heart and soul of Art of Flavors, and now has her own shop, complete with the much-missed gelato, and new fun stuff like baked goods and liquid gelato. She still rocks some of the classic flavors like green tea kit kat and pear & gorgonzola, but also features daily specials and experimental new flavors.

If you want something different, the Fat Elvis sundae (peanut butter gelato, strawberry, banana compote, bacon candy, and peanuts) is a treat, but I'm a traditionalist- samples until I find what speaks to me, then a small cup all to myself!

I'm thrilled for Desyree and her new shop- the service is sweeter than ever and our favorite frozen treats are back! This isn't just a must-visit place, this is where you must be a regular."
"All this time, I thought Baja Fresh was a fast-food place comparable in quality to Del Taco- but then my office ordered lunch here. And my mind was changed! Their quality is higher than fast-food caliber, produce is fresh, salads are huge. None of these things I can say about Del Taco or Taco Bell.

Menu has tacos and burritos, nachos and flautas, bowls and salads- quite a few of them! Lots of customization options, too, and sides include chips and salsa, guac, or cheese. Opted for the Cilantro Lime Shrimp salad and a chicken tortilla soup- even though I really wanted nachos.

Salad was huge and fresh, tons of shrimp (8-10) with a tasty cilantro sauce and at least half of an avocado. Soup was a bit on the greasy side but had a ton of chicken and good overall flavor. 

Probably won't make this a regular place, but glad to know quality is better than their exterior suggests."
"I don't have to have coffee daily, but my students and coworkers notice a distinct difference on the days I DO have it. Apparently I have a tendency to be a bit of a Grouchy John myself. Lucky for me, this truck is occasionally on my route to work and I get to pull over, grab something tasty, and roll in to work a pleasanter version of myself. Their menu is fairly unique, with lots of added flavors and some blended drinks. The mint mocha is a favorite. I appreciate that they offer alternative milks and that they usually have a couple of pastries available for those who also want to grab a snack."
"I've been to their other location and found it just okay- a one and done kind of place for me. Facebook has been advertising the hell out of this new location's grand opening special ($10 AYCE lunch and $15 dinner), even extending it to the end of the year, so I brought my BF to try this one out despite the glaring reviews. Space is extremely clean.

The actual product is okay- certain fish were fresher than others, and the menu itself (even for dinner) is much more limited than other AYCE spots. The majority of rolls have cream cheese, which is a no-go for me, and the nigiri often came with a golf-ball sized chunk of rice. But some random items here and there were decent, like the Train Wreck and Salmon Lover rolls, and the super white tuna and garlic salmon nigiri.

However. The service and professionalism are seriously lacking. Our server was a nice guy, but clearly inexperienced and forgot some obvious things like individual plates and water refills. We asked for suggestions while ordering, only to hear that he doesn't like sushi- awkward! Also, they either have a resident crackhead or an off-duty employee hanging out at the bar in sweats and hitting up the bathroom every ten minutes while chatting with the staff. We laughed it off, but it factors into why I wouldn't come back."
"Stephano's replaced another Mediterranean restaurant in the same space, and it was a nice upgrade. The expanded menu and lunch specials are much appreciated, and I'm a fan of the patio seating as well. Service is friendly with ordering suggestions and helpful with packing leftovers. 

I've come in a couple of times and the salads are my go-to choice (several dressing options), always fresh with ample toppings. A friend raves about their chicken shawarma, but when I recently branched out to try the gyro plate, I found the meat on the dry side. Whenever I go, it's hard to resist getting an order of fries- even the ""small"" side ($3) is a heaping, sharable portion, served with their addictive fry sauce. Speaking of sauces, they're definitely the forte here and I also highly recommend the garlic sauce.

TIP: Free baklava with Yelp check in!"
"Finally got a chance to try this place for a gigantic dinner. Recently visited Goodwich and Art of Flavors in the same plaza, and knew it wouldn't be long til I'd be downing arepas, too...

Scouted out the menu online, cross referencing it with reviews here, and ultimately decided on the #1: shredded beef and the #7: reina pepiada, plus a side of fried yucca. Total came to just over $15, which was a bit pricey IMO.

The arepas were unique and tasty, but fell a little short of my expectations. The shredded beef was a little on the dry side, but I perked it up with a bunch of the creamy cilantro sauce- that stuff is the bomb dot com. The reina pepiada arepa was tasty too, but the flavor simply got boring after a few bites. 
Luckily, the yucca was there to save the day: crispy and chewy and garlicky, it's everything yucca is supposed to be! The $3 price tag was a bit steep for the 12 bits that I got, most of which were half-pieces. Would I get them again though? Resounding yes.

Service was okay: minimal but friendly, brought out my take out to me at a table and took my order efficiently. Decor in the restaurant is fairly typical for a taqueria, but with the added touch of local artwork on the right hand wall as you walk in, all available for purchase. Though the pieces were good and added to the ambiance of the restaurant itself, I'm again taken by the sticker shock- the two paintings closest to me were $110 and $380. For folks advertising inside of a restaurant, that seems a bit unrealistic, but what do I know.

Might come back and try a few different flavors, seems like the BF and I could share three- they look deceptively small but they're very filling. But I'll definitely be adding on the yucca.

Side note: though a lot of other reviews mention the lengua arepas, and they look AMAZING, they no longer carry lengua here. So sad about that! :("
"Aesthetically gorgeous show  with a  large cast performing in a unique wheel-shaped stage, set to Beatles music- you don't need to be a superfan to appreciate and enjoy an amazing night here, nor do you have to shell out for any particular seating section as they all offer amazing views. In fact, I'd sit further back to be able to take in more than just what's right in front of your seat.

Lucked into some amazing second-row seats via a generous Yelper (thanks Janel!) and spent the evening swiveling my head back and forth and up and everywhere trying to take in all of the action. At times there are up to 30 performers on stage or in the air with no central focus point, as such it seems like it would translate to one of the few shows worth seeing more than once, as you could easily see things you missed before.

Favorite parts:
""Strawberry Fields Forever"" with bubbles
""Here Comes The Sun"" with candles
""Octopus's Garden"" with lights
""Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds"" almost a literal interpretation

Consistently rated one of the best shows in Vegas, recommended as one of the best Cirque shows, LOVE lives up to the hype-  and then some!

TIP: Don't get a drink in the lobby, you don't want your bladder to force you to miss any of the scenes!"
"I feel like you have to be drunk to properly appreciate 3-pound burritos and $16 multi-meat and cheese tortas with silly names. I consider myself a fairly adventurous eater but chose to stick to their basic tacos and tortas and was underwhelmed. 

Lamb meat is dry, sauced tortas are drowned in sauce that was a bit too spicy for my liking. The un-sauced tortas made the dryness of the meat more pronounced. If they can't do the basics well, I'm not about to spring for their deluxe Frankenstein concoctions."
"Came here for Memorial Weekend brunch with my guy, impressed by the quality of food and the mega-attentive and friendly service- Flor is a gem!

Breakfast options were out in full force, with stars being the smoked eggs benedict available made to order by the omelet station- very tasty! Also memorable were the smoked trout and lox, and I'm a big fan of peel-and-eat shrimp and the ones here were large and meaty

Appreciated that there were many healthy options available, including the salad bar, lots of fresh fruit, and various oatmeal/parfait/grits stations with additional toppings.  The charcuterie area was quite nice, too, with a variety of sausages and all of the components for an amazing cheese plate- three cheeses, two dried meats, dried fruits, candied walnuts and roasted cashews. Very classy!

Cool to see dim sum available- haven't seen this at other places but wish the selection was a little larger. Was able to have lamb shu mai, and two other mislabelled items, but there seemed to be quite a few baskets out but only a few different items.

Was a little surprised to see the carving station available at brunch- BF took advantage of the prime rib, lamb leg, and rotisserie chicken, all of which he said were great. I tried the Yukon gold mashed potatoes, which were like heaven. No exaggeration, they were amazing!

Dessert was also impressive- all made by Jean Phillipe, super tasty and beautiful presentation. Chocolate raspberry cake pop was the favorite, would have preferred other cake pop flavors rather than so many plated cake slices. Cookies were dry and crunchy, and I prefer warm and chewy, so I did not sample any. The round, spinning ice cream case was a hit with kids and adults alike.

I'm a firm believer in quality and would rather have fewer options that are better-executed than a lot of mediocre dishes out for the sake of variety, so this is a place I prefer over some others."
"Apparently I'm in the minority, but I was underwhelmed by El Cachi. Let me preface this by saying I was a huge fan of the previous Mexican restaurant in this hard-to-find spot (El Frescos Cocina Mexicana). For whatever reason, they closed. The menu got tweaked, but prices stayed pretty much the same (read: high) and the new name is very similar. If you aren't looking closely, you might think it's the same business-  but the food isn't as good. 

The shrimp tacos I used to get here regularly were legendary. They were $6 but totally worth it. The new menu specifically calls the new shrimp tacos the ""house favorite""-- new tacos are a buck less but they don't even compare. The grilled shrimp wasn't seasoned, the mango salsa lacked discernible citrus notes, and the chipotle cream tasted like it was cut with mustard. It's a totally different taco, and I'm bummed about it. 

I also tried their carne asada el cachi taco, made with rib eye, and it was okay but the soggy singly-ply corn tortilla tore like half a bite in. How do so many reviews use the word ""authentic"" when they use ONE corn tortilla per taco?! It's gotta be double-thick, y'all. Taco Science 101.  

My server was friendly, asked for feedback and seemed genuinely interested in how they can improve, which is awesome. I really want to rave about this place but right now their tacos are just A-OK. Is it fair to judge a new business against the standard set by their predecessors? Well, when you offer the exact same cuisine, you're inviting the comparisons. Please make the shrimp tacos great again!"
"Cool spot to take visiting friends or family for a unique off-Strip dinner: Italian food in a speakeasy-theme joint with a dark interior and a one-of-a-kind entrance. I'd say this is more for adults than kids, though. Dinner prices are a bit on the high side, but they occasionally come up on Groupon.

CAPO'S HOUSE  SALAD or NICO'S CAESAR SALAD ($7): Overpriced and overdressed, they use tons of dressing, but do taste good. Opt for the garlic version on the House, splurge the extra $3 to add chicken to the Caesar.
AUNTIE G'S ANTIPASTO SANDWICH ($12): Chicken breast and various antipasto meats and cheeses layered on a tasty focaccia with roasted red peppers, spinach, and a delightful lemon-pesto aioli. Side choice of pasta salad or fries, topped with additional aioli. Large portion, very fresh.
SANTUCCI'S PASTA ($10): classic spaghetti with ""Capone family secret sauce"", add a giant meatball for $5 to make it a real meal. Pasta was a bit mushy but the 'ball was pretty good, BF said he'd get this again.

Food quality for lunch was probably a 3/5 but attentive service and atmosphere kicks the overall rating up to a 4 for me. Would come back in the evening for the Frank Sinatra singer, or to catch HH at the bar (3-6PM, M-Sat). They have a private dining room for larger parties. Look for the chalk body outline on your way out the door."
"They've barely been open three weeks, and I've already been by as many times. Vegas has been seeing a surge of bakeries and coffee shops, but this one is close to my home, has a full food menu AND coffee (everything done well), and great service.

Visit #1: A latte and a chocolate-raspberry cake/pie thing? The dark chocolate and perfectly-ripe berries atop a firm crust was the highlight of my day!

Visit #2: Popped in for a solo brunch, under $10 for a small salad (love the slightly-spicy house Dijon dressing!) and a ratatouille quiche that was surprisingly filling, with a light crust of cheese on top.

Visit #3: Grabbed a sandwich to go, then hurried back to work. Heavenly bread, plenty of toppings, simple but fresh. I swear I got back to business in a better mood, thanks to the great meal.

Whatever the opposite of three-strikes-and-you're-out is (three swings and a run?), this place has quickly established a great standard for quality and service. I'll continue to drive past several other spots to come back here!"
"Thank God this little spot finally resumed their lunch hours, I was beginning to think I'd never get to give them a try! The menu of Hawaiian and Thai specials perfectly represents the marriage of the couple who own and operate this grab-and-go joint, Rodney and Phong. They're some of the sweetest people I've come across, putting out some truly home-style eats.

I originally went in for a Thai salad with shrimp, but changed my order to the short ribs with peanut sauce- maybe I just haven't heard of it, or it's simply different from my usual fare, but the super-tender ribs and that awesome sauce made a perfect Aloha Friday lunch with sides of rice and their unique potato-mac salad hybrid. I came back for some soup when feeling under the weather, ordering it extra hot, and it totally did the trick. A friend swears by their red curry with tofu, so I'll have to try that or some of their noodle dishes next."
"Full disclosure, I'm not even remotely qualified to assess whether this place is ""legit"" (as asked by friends who saw my check-ins here), but they definitely seem to be more authentic than many other Hawaiian spots in town. I've been by a couple of times and service is consistently friendly and a touch slower than you expect - on par with what I've heard culturally about the islands, for what it's worth.

Their menu is surprisingly massive, with plate lunches and poke bowls, a variety of masaladas, musubis, and even breakfast. My first visit was a cheat meal of musubi and pork hash- the kimchi spam being my favorite of the trio I tried. Second visit, for lunch, was for a shoyu onion poke bowl and a side of their mac salad. Fish was fresh and generously portioned, over a massive amount of rice. Unfortunately the mac salad here was simply overcooked elbows and mayo, so very plain. Eventually I plan to revisit to try their fried rice, meat jun, and katsu!

TIP: Free pork hash with Yelp check in!"
"Not a huge fan of the styles offered here, but it's an option if you need going-out clothes and don't want to deal with the hassle of a mall. Consider it Forever 21's slightly-older sister: she still doesn't really know what's work appropriate but the clothes are cheap and trend a bit more mature.

Unfortunately, in addition to low prices, the clothes are also cheaply made and their return/refund policy is strict: only allowed with receipt, within 2 weeks, tags still attached, and only for store credit. Try before buy, because sizes run both small and inconsistent.

Other negs: several signs posted that there's no public bathroom available, no hooks or seats in the dressing rooms, and employees are around but don't seem to interact with customers at all."
"This park has quickly become a favorite of mine:
+ Plenty of parking.
+ Paved and shaded body weight workout area with bars!
+ Walking/Running path is paved and fairly flat.
+ Bathrooms are always clean.
+ Plenty of seating by the baseball field, stairs for drills.
+ Playground area for kids plus water feature for summer.
+ Really nice bridge, good for photos.
+ Covered picnic table area available by reservation.

I mostly come by here for workouts with a coworker, but the ""family"" part of the name is not misleading: there really is a lot here for everyone to do, and it makes a good spot for group gatherings!"
"I didn't expect to love this place, I was just looking for something quick, fresh, easy, and new (to me). This was one of the few spots in the area to fit the bill. I have a feeling I'll be there regularly.

BENTO BOXES: Good for lunch or dinner, but more fun to dine in for the presentation. Kalbi option available if you're not a teriyaki fan.
UDON: Available with shrimp tempura or plain, with various combos. Wish the broth was a bit more flavorful but the noodles are perfectly chewy, like springs for your teeth.
COMBO SPECIALS: AKA enough food for two people under $10 if you get the large. Kalbi + chicken katsu is my go-to, served with a feast of sides (rice, mac salad, 4 pieces crunch roll, soup, and salad). If you're broke til payday, this meal will last days AND be relatively healthy.
SUSHI: ~20 basic and special rolls, several with similar combinations of ingredients (like the Jessica and the Cactus). Tightly rolled with fresh fish and not too much rice. All rolls under $10, wish there were more unagi options.

They also have a bunch of apps and sides (spam musubi!), plus fried rice and tempura. Service is friendly and fast, location is more of a grab-and-go joint, as there are only four tables and they're pretty cramped. Small cooler of Hawaiian sodas and other beverages at coutner. Location is directly behind the McDonalds, difficult to see from the street."
"Really cool free attraction, as others have said. Caught a show by accident after walking up and down the Strip a few times- was upstairs on the walkway so only got the side view, but was impressed nonetheless. Worth seeing if you're in the area, and if you actually think ahead and get in place in front of it, I'm sure it's even better.

If you're hungry afterward, there's a little gelato and sandwiches place just inside the right hand side ground-level entrance- the proscuitto panini is fabulous and fresh-baked with minimal wait. Would have loved to watch the show as I ate it, but picked it up afterward when I headed downstairs."
"HEADS UP: The number of fake reviews up giving five stars and choosing it as a favorite over Jones is laughable! Tempted to drop this down another star to balance them out, but that's petty. 

New Eastern European market/deli- located in Hender-tucky, inconvenient to me, but essentially it's a wannabe version of Jones market. Good selection of (overpriced) pickled items but overall selection doesn't compare: few baked goods, no ready-made dishes, and no fresh pickles. The hell kind of European market doesn't have pickles?!

The deli counter has lots of salamis, hams, and sausages, decent cheese selection and some caviars. Last two rows of grocery section have a variety of Mediterranean/Middle Eastern ingredients. Produce was banged up, not the freshest. Limited fresh herbs available compared to other markets.

This place is comparable to a gas station convenience store with European items, like Max Market, rather than a proper ethnic grocery.  Pricing is higher than I typically pay for the same items elsewhere. 

The frozen pelmeni that I bought here were awful. Poor flavor, poor quality, seemed old. I will be retaining my patronage with Jones, as should anyone with any discernment of quality.

Note: I'm turned off to return, both because of the obvious fake reviews AND because I was spammed by Jessie O suggesting I check it out. I thought it was nice of her before realizing she did this to everyone who reviewed Jones market. This is NOT how you attract and keep customers, it is very unprofessional."
"I've been looking forward to coming here for a long time- brought my mother from out of town to have dinner on a weeknight, two hours before a show. The old-school Vegas vibe totally got her into the vacation spirit, and the food was pretty good, but unfortunately the service marred our evening.

Ordered the escargot appetizer ($16) - they were okay, it wasn't the best version I've had, and server did not replenish the bread so that we could enjoy the herbs and oil. Maybe we should have had the seafood-stuffed mushroom caps our server recommended.
We had the Caesar salad for the table, prepared tableside ($12/pp) - was disappointed that no anchovies were used in the preparation considering the price, but I liked the croutons. Found it odd that the salad guy did not make eye contact, speak to us, or engage with us at all? Awkward.
We waited an hour for our entrees- the Chicken of the Angels (egg battered chicken with artichokes and mushrooms), was incredible, tender and moist without being too heavy. The prime rib (rare as requested, with both fresh horseradish and horseradish cream) was decent, but the creamed spinach  was wayyy too rich.

Our server was absent for the majority of our visit, and was condescending when he was around. He asked for our order twice within 5 minutes of being seated, then copped an attitude when we asked where our food was after an hour of waiting. We let him know we had plans and he was rude about it instead of apologetic. His attitude was completely unnecessary and just made the experience even worse. After we wolfed down our entrees, he took his time coming back and getting our check- I had planned to order dessert, but he took so long that it wasn't an option. 

Then, he stood over my shoulder and pointed at the gratuity chart and stared me down as I entered his tip! Completely uncalled for, unprofessional, and disrespectful. Bringing the portable card reader to the table is a tacky move in the first place but there's a way to handle it professionally, and this wasn't it. I was so embarrassed to have picked this spot for my mom to experience a nice dinner on vacation- she commented that even the sports bar we'd gone to the night before had superior service compared to this place."
"At one point this place was a ""healthy"" fast food option in the CSN area- now they're just another spot for typical offerings. Gone are the chimmichurri wraps, quinoa and tabouli dishes, no more are the vegetable pastas. You can pick burgers, flatbread pizzas, or pulled pork. They're not bad, but I can throw a rock and hit four more places to get those foods.

Additional star removed because they can't seem to keep their own hours- out of four attempts to visit, they've been open once during their posted hours. The fried zucchini is about the only option left that is at all interesting left on the menu, and even that's not actually healthy at all."
"Officially open September 1st, Chickpeas is the newest Mediterranean spot in Vegas. Food is fresh and flavorful, and there's covered patio seating.  Menu has all the usual favorites: shwarma, tabouli, hummus, pita. Meats are available as plates, sandwiches, or (allegedly) on salads. They also offer breakfast.

I was thrilled to see Oliviet (Russian potato salad) on the menu! Unfortunately they were out of it on my most recent visit. Menu has no clear appetizers section- cashier had some difficulty adding a small order of falafel, as the menu only offers it as a plate or sandwich. Ordering ""Greek salad with chicken shwarma"" got me a side salad and a shwarma wrap, which isn't what I had in mind (salad topped with meat).

Ordering issues and new-opening kinks aside, the space is clean and organized. The falafel is soft and flavorful inside, but could be a bit crisper on the outside. It came with an ample portion of tahini sauce. The greek salad was tasty (heads up that it's pre-dressed) and the veggies were fresh. The shwarma wrap was nicely seasoned, and had a good amount of tomatoes and red onion, and a generous portion of meat. Unfortunately, the pita itself was falling apart before we were halfway though, which got messy."
"For a trendy downtown spot, the food was a bit better than expected... which isn't really saying much, to be honest. It's a passable spot to kill a ramen craving but you're better off driving out to Chinatown for the good stuff. That said, the modern-industrial style and kooky art have a distinct charm and the service is attentive.

TONKOTSU RAMEN: Opted for the thick noodle, which was decently chewy, and added nori. I was a bit taken aback to receive a giant handful of bean sprouts in my bowl... this isn't pad thai, so I'm not sure why it was included. It seems this was used in place of bamboo shoots? Soy-marinated egg was cooked perfectly, though I prefer a full egg instead of a half. Broth itself was rich but lacked depth. Would like to see more varieties added to the menu (black garlic anyone?) that they can perhaps execute better.
HANDROLLS: Available at about $5/pop, spicy or non, these can be removed from the menu. Fish is fresh but the rolls themselves are basic, nothing special, and a little overpriced. Stick to classic apps like gyoza or edamame. 

Service from bartender Jacqueline was friendly and quick, overall the staff seems to run a tight ship and everyone was in a really positive mood. I didn't partake of the whiskeys offered but they seem to have a decent drink menu. HH includes an $8 ramen and beer special, might return to try that out."
"+1 Great views of the skyline and Lone Mountain
+1 No one is ever here, and there's plenty of parking
+1 Loop the trail down into the basin, run up the stairs, repeat
+1 Bathrooms, trashcans, and recycling cans, oh my!

This place is pretty simple and straightforward once you know your way around. When you drive up to the main arched park entrance, do not enter. Hang a right and then turn into the next parking lot. You'll see a much smaller baby arch leading down the stairs, where you can get your Rocky-style workout on."
"Despite all the diverse cuisines represented in Vegas, it's been hard to find a consistent place to get my fix for island flavors- until now. Big Jerk has changed the game with a food truck and a clever name! 

Their stewed oxtails are amazing, with a huge portion and deep, robust flavors. The meat literally falls off the bone and the accompanying rice and peas distinctly tastes of coconut milk. The menu says you'll be hooked on this dish after one bite, and that's not an exaggeration.

The jerk chicken is their specialty, and it's grilled up fresh in the parking lot, wafting it's amazing aroma all over the surrounding neighborhood. If I lived nearby, I'd be in trouble. Again, great portion sizes and juicy, flavorful food. Add on a side of their veggie-infused mac and cheese if you want a bit of the south in your mouth.

I've only stopped by a couple of times but the food and service are consistently great. The staff will remember you when you return.. and you WILL be back!"
"He went to Jared's!... and the service was absolutely deplorable.
I received a Pandora bracelet as a gift and it was too small. I was not able to exchange it under any circumstances. It was in the packaging, clearly unworn, immediately after being received, with a receipt, and literally could not be used, but staff were unwilling to make any exchanges or even to suggest a reasonable alternative. Calling the company directly got us absolutely nowhere as well, and the representative we spoke with was extremely unprofessional and disinterested in finding an amicable resolution. Once they've made the sale they do not care.

I've never gone to Jared's for previous jewelry purchases because their marketing left me with the impression that their focus was on engagement rings- now that I know their range and service, I will never give them any future business. If they aren't willing to be reasonable with a relatively low-priced item, I have no reason to expect to be able to hold them to a higher standard with a more expensive purchase."
"This is such a sweet little spot! Cozy cafe is decorated with a moon theme, offering tea drinks, house desserts, and tea service. Went in with a few friends who live in the area and really enjoyed the atmosphere, service, and desserts. There is so much attention to detail here, from the decorative touches to the desserts on display - even takeout orders are gorgeous!

I ordered the Mango Box Cake, which was nicely portioned and beautifully presented. Cake itself was light but not sweet, like a pound cake, with whipped topping and fresh fruit garnished with edible flowers. I also tried a friend's Milky Puff dessert, which seemed to be a croissant topped with whip and a scoop of ice cream- this was better than expected, all the textures worked well together. Others in our group tried the macarons, teas, and puddings- available in rabbit, lemon, and puppy designs. I only heard positive things, and look forward to going back myself for the salmon toast and tea service."
"This place is incredible. I'm a fan of tiki bars in general, but this one is over the top in the best way! The decor and design are elaborate, transforming the strip-mall space into another world. It is worth the hype and then some.

I held off on visiting when they first opened, as they obviously had some kinks to work out, but following them on social media and tracking their design process, events, and ownership made me confident enough to take visiting friends over the weekend- and even with their big(ger?) city San Francisco standards and snobbishness, they were impressed!

Snag a table as soon as you see one, and go earlier in the evening: 9PM after dinner was a sweet spot for us to get seated before the place got packed. The drink menu is larger than that other spot in town, and everything we had was tasty. Standouts include the Hotel Nacional (subtle and less fruity), Bamboozled (love the use of thai basil, but this drink was packed with ice!), and the Banana Batida (one of their two drinks featuring Dole Whip and the favorite of our group). Drinks are a flat $11/each unless you get a souvenir mug, and they have a full bar to order other drinks if the tropical ones don't appeal to you (heathen!).

Parking can be tight in this lot, so utilize their free valet parking behind the building. Staff are friendly and come around as they can, but for fastest service you may want to sit at the bar. 

Don't forget to check in on Yelp for your Free Dole Whip!"
"Recently renovated with new staff and chef, Arata has a new Yelp listing- unclear if menu still the same, but AYCE and a la carte are offered, with some bowls and bento boxes available for lunch. Note that the sushi combos are a poor value (8 pieces plus a California roll is $18?!), so dine in and stick with AYCE. Service was very friendly and attentive.

The appetizer selection is most interesting, and includes oysters, various pokes, sashimi salad, screaming o salad, lemon tako sashimi, jalapeno yellowtail sashimi, and  seared tuna sashimi (most limited to one/person, dinner only).  Nigiri selection was solid, with long, generous slices of fish and small portions of rice.

We only tried two rolls- the namesake Arata roll, which was odd and used mango (but it was underripe and had no flavor), and their one riceless roll (Rock N Roll). I feel like the apps and their nigiri are their strengths, preferred them over the rolls- but they did have a few interesting specialty rolls named after Strip casinos, which was fun to see."
"I've had this spot bookmarked for ages! Finally made it in this weekend for a girls dim sum brunch and our group was very impressed. The dim sum is available all day, every day, and made to order rather than served on carts- having the large selection is nice but it would be cool to see carts on weekends or during their busier times, it's part of the experience!

We ordered a ridiculous amount of food- dumplings for days, several types of shumai, rice noodle, stuffed eggplant and peppers, pork buns, egg tarts, and even fried smelt, which I haven't seen many places in town. The food was served as ready, hot and fresh, and was well made. I really liked their house-made chili oil on the table, which I added to almost everything. The staff were good about keeping up with our orders and drinks, and were able to provide suggestions for a couple ladies with dietary restrictions. Also, the pricing was great: under $20/pp including tax and tip (mandatory group rate) for a huge amount of food. 

Despite the name, they also offer a large regular menu of soup, noodle, and entrees dishes, if you're there solo or wanting something different. They also do phone-in orders or advance ordering through their website."
"Born and raised in the South, it's hard to get my fix when craving homemade southern food living in Vegas. Mama Bird is clear across town but has a large menu with a lot of great dishes from barbecue to fried chicken, and they also promote their catering. Love the vibes here, hoping they eventually expand for another, closer location.

PROS:
This cafe is super cute, love the homey aesthetic. Menu has a lot of my favorites, and food was tasty- brisket grilled cheese and mac and cheese were good, as is the shrimp and grits. Food tastes authentic to southern cuisine, some portions are fairly large (sandwiches), making this a good spot to share a few dishes with a friend. On both visits, I was checked on by staff. They also sell Liam's ginger beer that I'll eventually try, along with pimento cheese. 

CONS: 
Pricing is kind of all over the place. Portions for sandwiches are sharable, so $15 with with fries is fair but the shrimp and grits was tiny for the $8.50 price- wish they offered this as a larger entree topped with blackened shrimp for $12-15. Pricing could come down for the deviled egg app and biscuit, too. Friends  decided against ordering the fried chicken when they realized it was boneless, which we found odd. Tables on both visits sat needing to be cleared longer than expected. 

This spot is quite a drive for me but I have recommended it to friends who live closer. Come in to share a few things, and don't forget to use the Yelp check-in offer for the free watermelon sorbet!"
"This place personifies LA to me, and not just because it has two of their chain restaurants. Adding in a bunch of different Fred Segal boutiques every 500 yards doesn't help, but as others have mentioned, there seem to be a whole lot of staff doing a whole lot of nothing.

The gambling floor is clean, the floorplan is simple (and hasn't changed from the Sahara days), and I appreciate that they have a gallery but find it telling that their buffet has closed, their restaurants have cut their hours, and I can always find parking in the first row I turn into. This place is not a hotspot even when visiting on weekends, for better or worse.

Oddly though, I find myself returning- not for Umami or Griddle Café, but I actually like the low-key atmosphere. The coffee bar isn't bad either, and their higher-end restaurants seem to be executing on the appropriate level. But no one can afford to open a casino on the Strip (even the end of it) and not get more business than this."
"Despite being named after their deli section, this area is severely lacking. Staff are rude and impatient, stock isn't clearly marked, and prices are practically absent. They have a small produce area and limited baked goods, which seem to be outsourced. They do have specialty products in their pantry aisle area and in their refrigerated case, as well as several candies. They only have basic Hungarian items and limited Russian items, stock is a bizarre mix of random items from various eastern European cuisines. I haven't seen any evidence of food made on site or available for takeout, which would be something that could make them standout. I'll stick to Jones Market, even if it's a farther drive."
"There are a lot of drink spots opening in Vegas, yet I've been a repeat visitor at this spot specifically. The drinks are good.  I always request less sweet (50%) and I've never done add-ins like bobas or jellies. Some come with fresh fruit and nearly all of them are vividly colorful- the grapefruit green tea in particular is a favorite. I hear their matcha foam is bomb but haven't tried it yet. They also have a small food menu with apps (karaage chicken) and desserts (egglet waffle).

But come when you have time to kill or a friend to catch up with. Staff are polite and professional  but it takes literally a half hour to get your order, even when they aren't busy, even when they have 3 people working. The space is modern and stylish, and there's a cute couch area with the logo on the wall, but it's always marked off as ""reserved"" and angled in a corner where you can't get photos. Hopefully adjustments will be made to improve the customer experience."
"Ono Sushi is on the east side, an area that doesn't have a lot of food diversity outside of tacos and fast food. Their AYCE menu fares well, with fresh cuts of fish and a large selection of rolls and apps. There's also a sashimi plate included (1PP) that really highlights their quality fish. The nigiri is their forte, and I appreciate that the amebi is served with the fried heads. Service is friendly and attentive, and owner Sanvy is super sweet. 

I feel like this place would thrive if it were located somewhere else- this neighborhood is tough, and they replaced another sushi spot that didn't last long. Luckily, they're working the social media angle and the chefs are putting out dishes that photograph well- the Rainbow roll with multicolored tobiko, a bagel roll, and pretty a la carte plates. I'm hoping they do well!"
"I'm not on this side of town often, but when I do, I try to squeeze in a visit here! Their seafood dishes are my go to, like the pina del mar (half a pineapple stuffed with grilled citrus shrimp), a seasonal special, or their ceviche (currently only available in shrimp). Their posole (weekends only) is also flavorful and legit, as are their parillada platters. They also have a drive thru for faster orders, like their tacos (I've liked the shrimp and asada here). Even I'm getting takeout, I stop inside to visit their salsa bar (verde is my fave). Ordering also available on GrubHub. Note that they charge for takeout boxes."
"Chang's has new ownership, which prompted another visit, which warranted another review- happily, they still earn the four star rating established with their prior ownership! 

The ladies and carts come around fairly regularly. Menu is available to special order entree items or things that aren't in stock on the carts. Some of the better items we tried here were the fried smelt, the pork buns, and the various dumplings. I'm a big fan of salt and pepper shrimp and though these were cooked well, they weren't as seasoned as I prefer. I do like how the dumplings, shu mai, and other small items were sized a bit bigger here than elsewhere. Overall, food quality was good.

Service was friendly. We had tables reserved, which helped as there was a wait after about 11AM on a Sunday. Pricing was reasonable, and our large group received a discount for their grand opening. I don't go out for dim sum often, but I will consider coming back to Chang's next time I get a craving."
Full disclothesure (pun!): I rarely get my clothes professionally cleaned. I tend to dress down and even my work clothes just aren't the sort that really warrant special cleaning. I brought in a few items that needed mending and added on cleaning and pressing. They looked like completely new articles of clothing! I messaged the owner beforehand through the Yelp app and they were quick and forthcoming with pricing info. Staff on site were polite and professional. I even got a call the day before letting me know I could pick up my items early!
"I have enjoyed Michael Symon's contributions to various cook books and shows, and despite being primarily a fan of Texas-style barbecue, was very interested in trying his new Cleveland-style barbecue restaurant at the Palms. While my dinner didn't convert me, I find myself a bit more open to other styles and would make myself available for a revisit.

Menu spans all the meats you'd expect, from brisket (my fave) to a huge variety of pig parts including pulled, ears, tails, cracklin's, ribs, and belly. I managed to try most with my group, along with the three house sauces set at each table- sweet & sour being my preference.

BRISKET: tried this in the form of the brisket burrito (chopped mix of fatty and lean with cheese sauce, onions, salsa verde, and Fritos), and found the meat to be ample for the $18 price with a noticeable smoke ring. Portion is huge (as long as my forearm), you'll definitely need to share. The variety of flavors and textures was good without overpowering the meat itself. Burrito was rolled rather than wrapped to hold in fillings, some fell out the bottom but hesitant to request it wrapped better and risk getting less protein packed inside.

PIG PARTS: Tried the pulled pork on the Loaded Fried Potatoes (also topped with cheese sauce and pickled jalapenos) and found the crisp potatoes to be a good foil to the salty meat, and the sauce pulled it all together nicely- recommend this as a shared app for the table. I preferred the ears (so crispy!) over the tails, and was impressed by the belly, which didn't even need sauce, it was so flavorful.

SIDES: The spiced mac and cheese, don't sleep on it. Nicely peppered flavor kicks up your usual favorite BBQ side, got two orders for our table. The broccoli salad and slaw were as expected. 

Overall, while I wasn't blown away by what I had, I was impressed. I did find some of the meats a touch saltier than I personally prefer but no one else in my group seemed to have that issue. Brisket is always going to be my go-to protein and I'm glad that it's done well here. Would revisit for the chicken, pork belly tacos, or brisket sandwich- there is a surprising amount of variety here despite the lack of combo meat plates."
"For off-Strip casinos, I go for the food. The biggest attractions here are the BBQ restaurant and the cafe - both pretty solid and very fairly priced (see separate listings for reviews). They also have a Metro slice counter, but other locations seem to be a bit better. In order to access any of these, you'll have to trek through a small and smoky casino, and it's the cigarette smoke that is hardest for me. Though smoking is not allowed in the restaurants, it is overwhelming at times. On the plus side, they do have free parking and various deals for locals. I also hear from others that their karaoke is amazing, if thats your jam."
"Traditional tapas dishes with flamenco music and patio dining? Why didn't I come to Firefly sooner?!* Sampled several dishes, was mostly pleased with the flavors and quality. Servers are professional but are assigned far too many tables, and I imagine it only got worse- they were considerably busier by the time we left.

BOQUERONES ($7): 4  tasty toasts with a mix of compatible toppings including anchovies, avocado, roasted red peppers, and a lemony drizzle. Bright and fresh! 
BEET SALAD ($7.50): roasted red and gold beets with vin-dressed greens and pecan crusted goat cheese. Definitely my kind of dish.
STUFFED DATES ($6.5): wayyy too rich for me, but I can see why they're a favorite for others
STUFFED PEPPERS ($8.5): piquillos with mozz and garlic cream cheese, in a tomato sauce with crispy fried and fresh green onions. Think of a classy version of jalapeno poppers, but with a different kind of pepper. Almost too cheesy for me, but good.
PULPO ASADO ($10):  I didn't like this at all.  Potatoes and tomatoes were not enough to save the unappealing octopus. Menu claims it is grilled but seemed boiled or overcooked, unfavorable texture.
ALBONDIGAS ($7): dish of mini meatballs in sherry sauce, basic but successful.
MERGUEZ ($10): two links of spicy lamb sausage with a heap of roasted red peppers and two tiny slices of bread. Sausage and peppers had a good kick to them, but the lack of accompanying bread made it hard to enjoy this dish without chopping it up and rearranging like a stir fry.

Difficult to give a rating: I usually round down but this 3.5 is going up because I definitely want to come back for paella and sangria. 


* Rhetorical question: their negative reputation precedes them, unfortunately. Lots of locals still associate the restaurant with their old (but serious) salmonella outbreak from 2013, but if you look up the stats on SNHD, they've received As on all inspections for nearly two years. It might be time to give them a try again."
"Decent-enough German food, gigantic beer steins, live traditional music, and public humiliation. They seem to pride themselves on not being a tourist destination, but let's get real: very few people come here more than once for anything but the novelty.

Considering half of Texas, where I'm from, was settled by Germans, the food here did not live up to my expectations given the price point- but we have few restaurants turning out this cuisine here, so some inflation is to be expected.
$60 dinner for two, splitting a plate, an app, and a beer? Not really worth it, IMO. Quality was just not there for the majority of the items.

Kartoffelpuffer - Two crisp and golden brown Potato Pancakes served with smoked Salmon and traditional garnish; it's like going to a Jewish deli for breakfast and being torn between the pancakes and the lox, and deciding to combine them. Not bad, but pancakes aren't seasoned at all.  $15

Special Plate of the Day- pork loin served with two kinds of sausage, sauerkraut and mashed potatoes, sided with gravy and mustard. Sausages weren't bad, one was considerably better than the other. Pork was unremarkable, as were the 'kraut and 'taters. $20

The beer. Good lord, I have no idea which beer my guy opted for, but we got the 36oz stein and it was huge but we drank it all without problem because it was light, smooth, and delicious. Complemented the sausages, as it's supposed to. HB prides itself on only importing beers that meet the traditional purity law, with simple, classic ingredients only. Mad hops, I mean props, to their beer! $16

The reason I can't tell you which sausage was the best is because service is mostly nonexistent. I guess if your basic couple is likely to spend $100, and most people tip 20%, you don't have to do much to get halfway decent pay by default.
Our waitress took our order, kitchen staff brought it out and took it away, waitress brought our bill. The end. Gave us a vague and rushed ""you good?"" as she walked by once, but otherwise did the bare minimum.
There was a featured dessert trio, but only one sounded appealing. Disappointed that they are unable to accommodate an order for a single dessert without spending $15 on the bunch of them."
"Heard about the bento boxes but opted for the chirashi. Ordered through Eat24 and they made my order after I arrived, which is a pet peeve of mine but it was ready fast and fresh. The portion size was okay; the fish was cut a little thinner than expected. The eel was really good though, so maybe that's the bowl to go for. The smoothies are also good, and I especially appreciate that they don't use any added sugar so they're actually healthy and make a great lunch when it's too hot to eat solid food."
"Heads up, this place is only open til 3PM on weekdays, making it difficult to hit Mon-Fri. I strategized and called in a takeout order as I left the office, and swung in at 3:05 full of apologies. They do open early for weekend brunches though, and serve breakfast all day.

Ordered the Richboy- a poorboy with fried shrimp, lettuce and tomatoes, and special sauce. Comes with a side of either grits or fries, and I went with the former as they're the namesake of this restaurant- added American cheese. Other add-on options include bacon, caramelized onions, sautéed mushrooms, jalapenos, egg, etc.- they def know variety with their grits. Total came to under $11.

Portion is enormous. 6"" hoagie doesn't look like a monster, but it's packed with 8 large fried shrimp and though my belly wasn't full after eating half, it was bursting at the seams after I forced myself to finish.
Grits have great flavor and texture, and adding American cheese was delicious- would try with mushrooms and onions in the future, I've got my eye on the Grits Bowl for my next visit."
"This place is difficult to find, and once you make it in, the selection and quality are extremely underwhelming. Address takes you to an industrial warehouse area, location is to the back facing the freeway- exterior signage just says ""Liquidation Outlet"", store name is in small font printed on the door.

I was led to believe this was a great place to hunt for discounted furniture. Furniture stock is mismatched, priced with handwritten Post It notes, and most does not have tags. Store also has a weird variety of kids items, dishes, and other odds and ends- most of which is not in packaging and looks like it may be used. Business felt vaguely shady. All things considered, I found the furniture items to be higher priced than I felt was reasonable."
"The outdoor seating, groovy tunes, beachy decorative motif, and friendly staff make this place stand out. But they also have giant-sized sandwiches for good prices (a small is more than a single meal for me), and alfalfa sprouts available as a free add-on!

After reading Brooke P's glowing review, I picked the Surfin' Bird, with tons of fresh-sliced turkey, crispy bacon, avocado AND cream cheese, the usual suspects (LTOP), the sprouts I requested, and an extra pop of flavor from Greek peppers! I dig it! A small lasted me two lunches.

Staff were super sweet during my visit: sauntered in off peak times but was immediately greeted and walked through the menu, and sent off with a cheery and genuine, ""Have a great day!""

I may be able to make a sandwich myself, but not this good. Or this big. And they don't come with a side of surfin' sunshine spirit. When I find myself on this side of town again, I'll be back... for the Beach Bikini, on Dutch crunch!"
"I've been doing a bunch of 5Ks for the past year, but this was my first actual ""fun run"" with obstacles rather than an emphasis on finish time. I was pleasantly surprised by the level of organization and the amount of fun I had!

PROS:
+ Limited signups by wave, every 15 minutes, course wasn't too crowded
+ Waves started on time, staff all knew what they were doing
+ The number bib was a large sticker instead of a paper with pins, why isn't this more common?!
+ Food trucks for post-run munching and easy parking!

CONS:
- By the later waves (11:30), two of the inflatables were down completely.
- Course was not clear, marked with yellow cones on our left but easy to get off track at times.
- Around $50-$70 to participate, pretty pricey compared to other options.

I've had some poor experiences with events advertised on Facebook (as this one was), but it looks like the guys in charge of this one know what they're doing. Many thanks to Yelp LV for picking us for passes, it was a fun time!"
"BRCB recently blasted into Vegas with a weeklong spree of opening specials. Apparently this chain is from the PNW area, and their menu includes standard coffee beverages, Italian ice sodas, their proprietary energy drink (""Fuel""), and iced ""chillers"" (ice blended frappe style drinks). To complement your beverage, they also stock locally-made Carls Donuts.

Over their first week, I've come by a few times and tried several of their beverages. Their iced Mexican Mocha was not as robust with coffee flavor as I would prefer, but their teas (green with pom) and chillers (chai w/caramel) are hits. Their caramel truffle iced coffee was a good balance of both, with a dark chocolate syrup for sweetness that brought out the coffee roast a little better than the latte. A few friends rave about their sodas but carbonation and I don't get along well.

Staff on all visits have been helpful and friendly, great attitudes. They have a quick-moving drive-thru lane and a small patio area. They have a second location coming soon (Blue Diamond/Decatur), still in the same area. Hopefully they'll expand to the Summerlin area soon.

TIP: They have alternative milks including soy, coconut, and almond."
"Las Vegas has tons of restaurants, bars, casinos, and even an unusually high number of grocery stores- what we need more of is book stores! Happy to hear that The Writer's Block has opened in the Fremont area- in addition to tons of books, they also have interesting and educational décor and knick-knacks like anatomical animal models. 

Books are divided up by new releases, fiction, nonfiction,  and children's books with separate sections for health/diet, poetry, and lifestyle. Though the store itself is on the small side, it is packed with books and there is good selection. Staff is friendly, greeting customers as they enter and offering to help find specific items if needed."
"In the words of Drake, the Farm Fries here ""be hittin' all the spots that you ain't even know was there."" In theory, anyway. Fries plus chicken gravy (with pieces of fried chicken) and shredded cheese, in a giant portion, for $4.  Except the gravy could be better, and the cheese is cheap and rendered almost tasteless. But if you can overlook the fact that the product could be better, it's excellent for drowning your sorrows in on a bad day.

That being said, the chicken is largely regarded as mediocre and I ordered the clucketos and was underwhelmed as well- crispy, topped with lettuce and cheese, served with a side of salsa, but stuffed with chicken ground so finely as to make me suspicious of it's quality. 

And ""The Gobbler"" is basically a dry-as-ashes fried piece of poultry (you can't even taste that it's turkey), about on par in size and appearance with the ""Chicken Littles"" or ""Snackers"" at KFC, served with packets of cranberry and Miracle Whip. Not only is the sandwich sad, small, and disgusting, but it's not worth more than a buck or two. And whoever created Miracle Whip should be burned at the stake.

As others have said, order was ready in a flat two minutes- which is remarkable. Frankly I'm surprised the clucketos were so crisp because I can't figure out how they cooked them so fast. But those fries, man... it's actually kind of a blessing they're not better. I mean unless your life goal is to weigh four hundred pounds."
"La Strega, the kitchen witch- I am under her spell! I've been by a couple times, both with groups, and have tried much of the menu. From the fresh meat and cheese apps to the daily house-made pasta and plenty of fresh seafood choices, there's something here for everyone. Dining room and patio room are both gorgeous areas to dine in, with a light, French style that is comfortable and classy with beautiful glassware and an impressive mural referencing the restaurant namesake. Service is attentive and friendly, both Natalie and Sophia were personable and made great suggestions.

APPS: If they have a charcuterie special, get it. A recent grilled octopus dish with cannellini beans also impressed. Maybe the general rule is to get their specials? The steak tartare is a great bite with super-fresh meat, and two of their salads were light starts to complement the heavier dishes to follow. The Witch's Brew hummus and veggies app is especially shareable with a great whipped spread. Seafood options are also stellar, the Fritto Misto was a favorite and the Scallops were huge! Oh, and the burrata. I could make a meal of the small plates and apps!

PIZZAS: These were made for sharing! Six generous slices, a beautiful blistered crust, several topping combinations to pick from. The truffle and pesto pie has been my fave, but the spicy pig pairs well with honey.

PASTAS: All made fresh daily, in house. The classic red (spaghetti pomodoro) and green (bucatini genovese) are both solid. Stracci is cut a bit too thick but pairs well with a stew of beef cheek and mushrooms, very hearty (and shareable).

MAINS: Again, seafood is your friend here. Their whole fish special is a fail proof option (rockfish one visit, branzino the next), the salmon smells incredible the second it hits the table, and the mussels will likely be my pick next time. Their lone chicken dish (pollo alla milanese) is a fantastic execution of a classic, with a thin cut, crispy breading, and light salsa verde. Beautiful plating too.

DESSERT: This area is where they fall a bit short. The featured, limited-availability Coconut Bomba donut was a disappointment with very little filling, no pop of coconut flavor just dried shreds on the plate to dredge each bite. I'm not much of a dessert person but was underwhelmed. A table full of dessert aficionados on my most recent visit turned down dessert entirely, which is unusual for them. 

Beautiful location is complemented by stellar service and thoughtfully prepared dishes. I really appreciate their attention to detail with plating and love that they have so many amazing specials, particularly the seafood options. Note that the location is a bit too loud to be called ""intimate"" (difficult to hear when busy), and reservations are highly recommended- even on a weeknight."
"The coffee shop space in Greenland has had another name change- this seems to happen every couple of years, with a similar menu each time. The coffees are pretty much the same, but now there's boba and bingsoo, along with fishcakes filled with Nutella or red bean. The other major thing that makes this coffee shop different from it's predecessors is the service: this is the only time it's been a friendly place! My latte was good, and like their milk teas they ask for your sweetness level which was appreciated. Props for having coconut-almond milk available as a non-dairy alternative."
"I found this spot on Yelp, checked out the website, and was suitably impressed enough to call in an order for pickup. The woman I spoke to was polite, and even called back to tell me they were out of an item so I could reorder.

Location leaves a lot to be desired. It's in the same general area as Lotus of Siam, Komol, and Arawan- but toward the back of the shopping center, in the same building as Vegas Lounge, but on the other side. Even armed with the address, I had to call for help finding them. Inside is much nicer, with mirrored walls and linen table cloths, like an event space. 

No customers or staff present when I entered. I approached the bar and part of my order was waiting. That's when I saw the receipt: $14 for my schnitzel pita wrap and $24 for a grilled chicken salad. Wait, what?! I had tried to order the Nicoise salad ($14) but they were out of tuna, how does substituting chicken (due to no fault of my own) jack up the price $10?!

I told the employee to cancel the salad, $24 for a grilled chicken salad is ridiculous. She seemed surprised and confused. I left with my wrap and went on my way. The wrap was about half the size as similarly-priced orders I've had elsewhere, and the hummus was barely spread half way into the wrap. The amount of protein was generous, but it lacked flavor and the pita was falling apart. I love Mediterranean food but this was absolutely bland. 

TLDR: If you have to stick to a Kosher* diet, I guess it's good to have another option in town. If you're just popping in for a meal, the menu sounds promising but my experience left a lot to be desired. *Unclear if they are certified."
"Forget the white sauce, their baba ghanouj is some of the best I've ever had. Also underrated: the falafel. Add on a couple pieces to your order, they're only a buck each.

Everyone seems to be eating the platters exclusively, so I started with a sandwich. The wraps are enormous- gyro meat is ground, which was not expected and isn't my preference, and wasn't my favorite meat. The chicken was nicely seasoned and robustly flavored. Unfortunately, the cold pita tore easily and just didn't taste that great, and the overall wrap needed the white sauce to keep the flavors interesting and provide moisture. 

Returned for an event and got a platter- combined the meats I loved, the chicken and falafel, with their rice, and added extra white sauce and a touch of red. This was a solid meal. Add on a piece of baklava if it's available, this version isn't drenched in honey like other places. The $10 meal will definitely have leftovers.

Service is fair- staff is friendly, line moves quick, wasn't thrilled about how my order went all the way down the line through four employees who all noticed the torn pita issue and yet none of them thought to start over with one that wasn't falling apart.

A little confused about this choice of location, which is super small and has a hectic parking lot. Proximity to the Strip makes it an easy option to Uber- plus they're open til 4AM, just like NY."
"I went here shortly after opening and wasn't really thrilled with my experience, but chalked it up to a new business working out the kinks. I have since been messaged not once but twice by management and ownership to remove my pictures (and the review was hinted at, too) because the dishes ""are no longer on our menu."" I spoke to another Yelper who said she'd also been contacted about removing photos of an order that was visually unappealing. Don't let it come out of your kitchen if you aren't proud of it!

It's been quite some time since my last visit, and I've incorporated more meatless meals into my diet- so I came back for the amazing-looking Nature Girl salad. You'll notice my photo looks nothing like others posted, and I'm not taking it down. That's what I was served. 

I called in my order and was told it'd be ready in about 10 minutes. I showed up in 15, and then waited an extra 5 for it to be ready. From the looks of it, they waited until I showed up to assemble it. There were no sprouts or tempeh bacon, and the dressing was flavorless. I realize presentation isn't going to be on par when you opt for takeout, but this was a half-assed salad. I enjoyed the herbed tofu and the plethora of nuts, but was extremely disappointed with the salad I received versus what others have had.

I wonder how many other people received less-than-perfect orders, posted photos, and were then asked to remove them."
"PROS: 
-Open 24/7
-Alcohol and coffee, and coffee drinks with alcohol
-Drive Thru for convenience 
-Nice décor/ambiance, chill patio seating and good music playing
-Seasonal coffee specials: $2.99/any size of featured flavor (currently peppermint mocha)

CONS:
-Pricing on drinks $9-12? Table signage said they have $5 specials though
-Limited menu with grab and go, salads, and sandwiches
-Poor service: ordered Herb Chicken Panini (roasted peppers and blue cheese), received chicken with red onions and basil. Bland, boring, and NOT what I ordered. Also did not receive the chips that come with sandwich purchase. And I was the only customer. How do two employees screw up a simple order so badly?"
"Happy to have another vegan option in the Vegas valley! Violette's is started by Cyndy Violette, of poker circuit fame. Restaurant is clean and welcoming with both tables and juice bar seating- my only note about that is that the juicers and blenders are crazy loud so it may not be ideal for getting work done.

Currently only open for dinner, 5-10PM. I'm anxiously awaiting their breakfast and lunch hours to try more menu items. For now, I've sampled a few things- the roasted cauliflower with cheeze sauce is a little on the bland side, but the ""fried"" zucchini sticks with cheeze and marinara dipping sauces is tasty, the marinara in particular is well done and makes me want to try their eggplant parm dish.

Smoothies and juices are made fresh in front of you, tried a random mix of strawberries, blueberries, goji berry, and some sort of good-for-you powder and was surprised by the great taste. Vegans are known for making some delicious desserts, but I was underwhelmed by the one-note flavors in the triple chocolate cake. 

Staff is polite and knowledgeable. Menu is surprisingly large, with meal-specific offerings including bowls, burgers, salads, entrees (the mac looks tasty!) and a large selection of vegetable-based sides."
"Grabbed a takeout feast for two, mixed feelings about the foods we ordered. Prices are low and portions are generous, but most items missed the mark in some way or another. 

NACHOS: Gigantic portion for $8, fairly thin layer of chips with a mountain of toppings.  This was a good value and the shredded chicken and toppings were tasty but the chips themselves were thin and mushy. 
COMBO PLATE; Opted for the chicken enchilada and chile relleno, with sides of rice and beans. The enchilada sauce was perfect and the chile relleno was pretty good but the beans were bland and enchilada was falling apart. 
BURRITO: This monster was the size of my forearm, opted the lengua. Meat was super tender and there was a generous amount inside, but I was disappointed to see just meat, rice, and onions as the filling. This was disappointingly plain and boring even when adding salsa. 

This spot is a great value but sticking to the more Americanized offerings seems to yield better results."
"I had high hopes for Bocho- downtown LV has long lacked a decent sushi joint. Unfortunately, this spot still doesn't quite hit the spot. Fish is fresh, but AYCE is the only reasonable way to go here. Lunch specials are pricey and don't highlight the fish items on the menu.

On two separate lunch visits, I opted for the Shunta Box- Bocho's take on a bento box, with a (heated) fish dish, 4 piece California roll, mixed tempura, white rice, and miso soup. I will say that I was pleasantly surprised by the small assortment of pickles included as an accent, but even the half-roll I had was falling apart. I'm not the hugest fan of heated salmon, but two visits in a row they have been out of the black cod- other reviews mention this, too. Maybe remove it from the menu and feature it as a special if it's not consistently available, or stock more if you legitimately run out all the time. It was a filling lunch, but there are many places in town to get the same thing, and it won't run me $20 with tip.

Service was fine. I sat at the sushi bar and placed my order directly with the chef, hostess came around frequently to give drink refills. It's nice to have this spot in the downtown area, but they need to kick it up a notch- the special rolls sounded pretty standard and the bartender told another customer the carpaccio-type dishes did not qualify for AYCE pricing? Too many better places in town to come back here specifically."
"TLDR: The namesake bagels are surprisingly well done here: large, fluffy, and great with lox and/or their cream cheese- the green onion is my favorite, and they're all made in house. The matzo ball soup (better than the version at Weiss) and thick-ass pastrami sandwiches are also pretty great. 

2 ounce lox plate with a spinach and feta bagel and cheddar-garlic cream cheese: not a combo I'd normally opt for, but somehow it all really worked together- the fish was fresh and silky and plentiful, the bagel toasty and chewy, the schmear chunky with cheese and fragrant with garlic. Everything was plated beautifully too, a leaf of lettuce under all of the thick slices of tomato and red onion, a russian pickle, several slices of cucumber, and a handful of olives, too.

I peeked in the pastry case ""just for a look""- and walked out with a ""small"" black and white, that was easily the size of my hand. Great cookie, overly sweet frosting. My BF samples a different cake each visit and hasn't yet found anything he dislikes.

ETA: Pizza bagels (particularly the fresh spinach and feta) are divine, especially on the garlic bagel;  the tongue sandwich is also light and silky and delicious."
"They may have just opened, but they're already living up to the name. Mix and match the fish and shrimp, they're both pretty good. I preferred the shrimp, as the fish had a slight sweetness I didn't care for. The street-sized tortillas were packed with protein and piled high with guac and other toppings, every bite was bomb. I'm excited to see they also offer enchiladas.

This super-colorful location was previously another Mexican restaurant known for their vegan options, but Bomb Tacos has already made effort to retain those customers with their own vegan options. Props for that, will be trying that or a chile relleno next time. Hopefully as they settle in, they expand their menu and adjust prices. I would love to see breakfast items, and feel $8 for chips and guac/salsa is a bit too steep for this area."
"3.5 stars, rounding slightly down due to inconsistent service and quality.
Came in for AYCE at a friend's recommendation. The fish is super fresh, and I recommend their nigiri. The older Japanese chef served it traditionally with wasabi and a light bit of soy sauce rather than just as fish and rice elsewhere. The freshness of the fish makes the nigiri their strongest point, and I'd stick to that on future visits.

About halfway through out visit, we were passed off to another younger chef who seemed to have difficulty keeping up with orders. We switched to rolls and they were packed with a disproportionate amount of rice. I am not the biggest fan of their rolls, and I finally put my finger on why: I did not care for their sauces. Some have a metallic taste to them, while others like the Japanese salsa are served so cold they are almost icy. Rolls without sauces, such as the Salmon Loves Lemon, were preferred."
"In a word: overrated.
BF and his Las Vegan friends used to rave about this place. After forgetting to stop by on our last several visits, we grabbed a bag of pastries on our way out of town earlier this week. BF inhaled half of each piece and brought me the bag of remains.
I took a bite or two of each and discarded the rest. 

I loved that everything was vegan, as to me that at least implies that it might be healthier than otherwise, but I'm not a huge sweets fan and I found that the selections I tried seemed bland- we had a bear claw, a chocolate éclair, a cinnamon-sugar apple-filled cannoli-looking thing, and one other unremarkable pastry.

Pricing is okay, and for their niche market for actual Vegans, I'm sure this place is a blessing, but it fell a little short of my expectations."
"The students of CSN have another quick dining option at the standalone food court! RBC serves up Hawaiian staples and fusion specials, from loco moco and chicken katsu to gourmet dogs, burgers, grilled cheeses, and tacos with toppings like spam, pineapple, and kimchee. The menu is surprisingly large considering their relatively small location.

The Bento Box (under $10) is their best deal, with a giant portion a sample of several different dishes. The garlic chicken wings didn't have much of a garlic flavor to them but were nicely cooked and crispy. The hotdogs are another good choice, made with a thick 100% beef dog and served on Hawaiian rolls, and served up fast by a friendly face."
"Decent neighborhood Chinese buffet. Lunch is just over $6, dinner is just under $10. If you don't like the options here, Jumbo Buffet is just around the corner. If you really want seafood, shell out the extra $3 and drive another mile up to Buffet At Asia.

Standard Chinese options, four soups, limited sushi selection, and Mongolian grill available- several shrimp and crab dishes during dinner hours. Service actually exists here and will clear your table and refresh your drinks frequently. Hits the spot when you're craving takeout Chinese but can't decide what to order."
"I've been wanting to come here for months- the healthy and innovative menu and gorgeous photos on IG kept tempting me, but their weekday-only breakfast and lunch hours just weren't conducive to my schedule. 

I love the decor, farmhouse chic with bright blues and oranges. The staff were very nice and explained their concept of healthy GF eats with a little bit of sweet potato in everything. Eventually I ordered their chicken tacos (made with a sweet potato tortilla), the sweet potato latte (with coconut milk), and a slice of vanilla protein cheesecake. The weather was gorgeous, so I sat on their patio to wait for my dine-in order.

I was disappointed with my order. My lunch was nearly $20 and served in paper trays like a food court, making it impossible to take flattering photos. The tacos were wrapped in a green sponge-like ""tortilla"" that was okay, but not what I was expecting. The chicken was cold but well seasoned, the salsa was cold and flavorless, and avocado was hard and unripe. I ate it but I didn't enjoy it. The cheesecake I also had mixed feelings about: good flavor for a ""healthy"" dessert (150 cals/slice) with a touch of cinnamon?, but the bottom crust was clumpy and soggy. The sweet potato latte didn't have any discernible sweet potato flavor and tasted watered down, as if it were instant though I noticed an espresso machine on the counter. 

I really wanted to love this place but I feel like the execution is lacking. Perhaps they're trying to do too much: healthy AND exclusively GF AND inserting sweet potato in every dish. Like Elizabeth H stated, maybe I just picked the wrong items here. I'll go back but will stick to stuffed sweet potatoes and salads instead of the more innovative options. Hoping they serve on real dishes for dine-in orders in the future, their price point and concept certainly allow for it."
"Carne Asada fries and the al pastor torta are solid here- service is drive-up or walk-up, and they don't habla ingles or accept credit, so be prepared with your best espanol and cash dinero.

The asada fries are a little bit of fries, a bigger bit of asada, and an insane amount of sour cream and cheese. I was good after a few bites, but it really needed hot sauce thrown on top to cut through the grease- even after doing so, we were unable and unwilling to finish the portion, which is probably a blessing in disguise.

The torta was large, they're all a flat $5 with your choice of meat, and they are mostly meat instead of filler ingredients- very cheap and fast lunch if you're already in the area."
"It's been a couple years since I got my eyes checked, and Dr. Nagel was highly recommended by coworkers and conveniently located by the office. I went in on Halloween to a friendly fully-staffed office and everything was quick and easy. I especially like how personable Dr. Nagel herself was, and how the staff were informative about explaining each step of the exam. 

I opted for contacts, but like how the glasses selection here trends toward the name brand (Tiffany, Prada, Coach, Kate Spade). I was informed that they also have frame and lens specials under $200. I appreciate that the sales staff weren't pushy, and I'll probably look into a pair when I go in to pickup my lenses."
"FINE, I'll reluctantly join the DMV Dash Pass Fan Club. It's great, if you know the tricks and it actually works. First clue: you can only call in to queue between 7:45-8:00AM. That's it. Once the DMV actually opens at 8, you'll get an error/""try again later"" message. Did this three times before the sweet guy at the VIN inspection station clued me in.

I like that the Dash Pass allows you to hold your spot in line, and then adjust it for more time as needed so you can actually get there. That said, screwing over all the old-school tech-unfriendly folks who show up at opening and find out there are 300 people digitally in line ahead of them is kind of shitty.

Once you get in, things go quick and easy. The employee I worked at (lane 38, holla!) was super sweet and helpful. You'll need an official copy of your birth certificate and/or a passport in order to  get an ID, and those take a while to get if you don't have 'em on hand. Registering a 2009 Volvo sedan with Real ID was $360, which was lower than I'd been warned to expect.

NOTE: You need a VIN inspection to register your car, get this done on a separate visit and just drive up to the smaller building with the drive-thru in the parking lot. You'll also need a smog check and those are done elsewhere, there's one a block West on Flamingo if you're in a pinch (Jiffy Smog)."
"A friend of mine recently moved to Maine and has been torturing me via social media with constant pictures of lobster rolls. Did you know, out by Bangor, they have vending machines that sell lobster dirt-cheap that are restocked daily?! That's crazy!

Lobster ME doesn't have vending machines, but they do have lobster rolls- stick to the classic Original Maine style with a touch of mayo and spices, or dare to try the new Beltway version with Old Bay, shallots, chives, and breadcrumbs. Anything else is blasphemous. 

If you're really feeling daring, add on the chowder fries and a drink for an extra $6- they're like chili cheese fries, but with chowder instead of chili, plus green onions and bacon bits. They're downright intoxicating, if you have the calories to spare.

Bonus star for quick service and 20% off local discount- it's a smallish (hot-dog sized) but meaty roll for $17, which is actually on par with pricing in other landlocked states (so minimal Strip markup?), but the discount makes it especially nice. A $20 lunch, which is pretty much the minimum for the Strip, and the quality is actually really good for a food court-style setting."
"Decent pricing, particularly on the specials: $5 will get you a breakfast burrito with chorizo and egg, while just over $6 will get you a plate with two huge lengua tacos. Not bad at all!

Salsa bar has several fresh options as well as carrots, onions, and cucumbers. Bottled traditional sodas are available in a cooler by the register. Service may or may not speak even basic English, which is a little alarming- ""Add cheese, please"" should not require you grabbing the cook to translate."
"I've had this spot bookmarked for ages and finally made it by after attending an event at the Park. I've heard great things about locations in SoCal and even joined their mailing list before this one opened. We have several great chicken sandwich spots in town and this one, after a long wait that probably overinflated my expectations, ranked just average.

Menu gets some seasonal additions and changes, and the item I came in for was no longer available (Cali Pesto Chick). I got the BAMF (fried chicken, 2 cheeses, macaroni, and peppers) and my pescatarian partner in crime got the roasted mushroom and goat cheese, both on waffles. The chicken was large with a thin, flavorful crust, but the toppings weren't so great- mac is premade with a sauce that includes bacon, angry cheese sauce tasted artificial. Mushroom and cheese combo was okay, the sundried tomatoes were an odd addition. We both liked the waffles more than expected, they were soft but held up surprisingly well. Portion size for both meals was fair for the price and location.

NOTE: only one vegetarian option, macaroni cannot be made vegetarian"
"If anyone ever wants to stalk me, you can find me here between 5 and 6PM for Happy Hour on Wednesdays. Seriously making this my new spot to hit up after Sprouts' Double Ad day. UYE groceries and dinner, anyone?

Discovered this gem today, thanks to Vicky Q's recent check in and an incurable salmon craving. The HH menu has an awesome deal: 3 rolls and a drink for $21, with the ability to choose two standard rolls and one specialty. 
Chose the ROPPONGI roll, PHILADELPHIA roll, and the HALEY roll, along with a seaweed salad, and iced green tea for my beverage of choice.

Rolls were stunning- fresh fish, good portions, great specialty rolls.
Roppongi roll in particular is an amazing mouthgasm! Flavors are a mashup of spicy and creamy with fresh fish, soft rice, a pop of flavor with green onion, and sauces that are tasty without being overkill. It's a must-have, and I don't throw that term around lightly.
Haley roll was also good- shrimp tempura with avocado and crab, relatively light considering the tempura factor, which I'm not usually a fan of.
Philadelphia roll is about what you'd expect, but who doesn't love the classic American style combo of salmon and cream cheese?

Service was polite and attentive, chair I sat in was very comfortable (two-top between the sushi bar and the booths), portions were so plentiful that I only ate half of what I ordered and took the rest home.

One of the best HH menus I've found, could easily get the pick-three and add on a discounted roll from their specials menu and have a sushi dinner with my guy for under $40 with tip- not bad AT ALL.

Only complaint is that the green tea is made with a powder, which lends a grittiness to the taste/texture that I did not like, but next time I'll just get a Sapporo!"
"Thai and sushi are two of my go-to cuisines when dining out, and The Connection menu has both. I went in with a group to try a little bit of everything and was not disappointed. They do both menus very well and the attention to detail and presentation here make them stand out.

Thai menu has all the usual suspects for expected dishes, so I focused on the Chef Specialties section of the menu with a handful of great seafood options. The Lobster Pad Thai was tasty and gorgeously plated. The whole fried Pompano, served with hot and sour sauce, was well cooked and enjoyed around the table. Their Fried Prawns app had a great presentation and sauce as well, one of the pricer apps (understandably) to share. 

Others in our group tried the Pineapple Fried Rice, various sushi rolls and apps, and had good things to say as well. We added on one of their ""sushi elevator"" dishes (10 pieces sushi, 5 pieces sashimi?, tiered presentation) and found that to be super fresh. Definitely coming back for more of both menus soon. 

Service throughout, from a husband and wife team, was hospitable. From a management standpoint, the menu is massive so I suspect they may pare down at some point but I was really impressed with my first visit to this new restaurant.

TIP: Check in on the Yelp app for free Thai tea!"
"Solid family-run Mexican joint- props for the diverse menu (check out the new additions section) and the drive-thru. Service was also polite, and there are both hot and mild versions of red and green salsa available.

Hard shell chicken tacos are  a touch overpriced at $2.25, considering they don't have much in them but they're generous with the cheese. Happy to see the California burrito on their menu, served with carne asada, as it should be- hefty size, not much in the way of fries/potatoes but good overall flavor.

They have a special section of the menu for skillet-type meals that feed two for a good price, and come with a stack of tortillas. Several tortas on the menu, including a mega and a pambazo."
"I'm finding it difficult to rate this place. I've had service with Cricket for years and am fairly happy with them. The customer service at this location is some of the most unprofessional I've come across, but I did apparently save some money.

Employee who helped me reeked of weed so strongly I felt myself getting a contact high. When I asked to purchase a specific accessory, without asking me which brand or color I preferred, he told me they were priced at $30 but he could ""let me have it for $20."" Uh- I thought the swap meet was across the street?

Bizarre. After some odd exchanges with another employee (who stomped off in a huff and walked out to sit in her car?), he rang up the charger at $30- I reminded him of the deal he'd offered and he keyed in a discount. So I did save $10, but the whole experience made Cricket as a company look really shady and unprofessional."
"Over the past two and a half years as a Vegas local, I've done quite a few of the touristy things and seen the majority of our museums. But it wasn't until my mom visited and insisted on the Neon museum that I found the best one!

The tours are booked in advance online, with nighttime and daytime options. Since many of the neon lights are functional, it made more sense to me to book for the evening- go as late as you can for best photos, IMO. The tour itself, led by Edgar, was informative and fun, covering both the history of Vegas as well as interesting tidbits about the casinos themselves.

The tour is chronological, starting from the original bulb signage and progressing to modern-day signs. I like that Edgar didn't just tell us about the signs and history but also talked about the science of making the signs and the chemicals used for certain colors. 

I really enjoyed my visit here and plan to come back for various events- they currently have a Wednesday evening yoga class, as well as newly-introduced photo tours, and exhibits by their artist-in-residence. Don't forget to stop by the gift shop before you go, and get their map of local restored signs available in the downtown area!"
"$20 will get you a small Stromboli and an order of hot wings- enough for one with a few leftovers or for two who aren't really hungry. 

'Boli is okay- surprised this made Triple D, but considering it's inside of a bar, quality and flavor are a lot better than expected. Wings were ordered hot but tasted mild, didn't like that the side of ranch was oddly chunky and inside the takeout box, which made it warm and more unappealing.

Service was quick. Order by phone, ready in 15 minutes, take your order receipt to the bar to pay, any tip you leave on card is given to you cash to take directly to kitchen staff when you pick up your meal.

I don't think I've had better food in a dive casino, and appreciate that they're open and take phone-in orders 24/7, but this isn't a place I'm likely to seek out."
"You guys can go ahead and close the investigation, I figured out what the name means: ""Tups"" is from one of the owner's last name: Tupy. The more you know! ;)

Billed as a specialty sandwich shop, I think the Village Greek Salad ($11) is the best in town. It's huge and easily makes two meals for me, even without the side of pita bread. The feta vinagrette is amazing, and made in house. 

Shop is family owned and operated, with two (awesomely sweet!) teens running the register, grandma supervising, and dad(?) running the kitchen. As the signs say, it's fresh food not fast food- wait time is reasonable for the freshness, portion and quality are on par with the pricing."
"This chain is similar to a Forever 21. Mixed feelings about it: boutique feels a lot  more upscale than the low-budget price tags, but quality is lacking. Trendy styles don't make for long-term wear anyway, so I guess it evens out.

But this location is sorely lacking in the service department. The fact that I encountered three different associates and was never once greeted or asked if I needed any help is ridiculous. Signage informs you that refunds are not given, but store credit is.

Also, I dislike how the shoes are set up on display: you have to ask to try on  pair in your size, to be pulled from the back. Who does this any more? There was a staff member present in that department, but she never once spoke to me. I'll take my business elsewhere."
"If you've ever met Rick Moonen, or even just read an interview with him, you know how passionate he is about sustainable seafood. His restaurant, RM Seafood, really highlights these efforts in dishes that are classic, fresh, and delicious.

Bethany E and I visited during HH, trying and sharing a variety of dishes. There's a small selection of basic sushi rolls (spicy tuna, spicy salmon maki rolls, etc.), as well as kama. We tried the Fried Rice Krisipies, which is their take on the spicy tuna-crispy rice dish found elsewhere. This version has black caviar, which I love. Their kitchen menu does a great lobster roll order (small but well executed!) as well as a flavorful steak frite plate that could easily make a meal. 

While I haven't tried much of the menu, I look forward to returning. The bar area has a cool industrial feel to it with dimmed lighting for a more upscale feel, despite the location right off the casino floor. Note that they currently offer a $28 3-course business lunch special that looks like one of the best deals on the Strip!"
"Ultimately this place sounds so much better in theory than what I've actually experienced. Cool concept, but execution is lacking. Have popped in here a few times now but never feel compelled to order more than a snack.

The few promotional articles/ads I've seen for this place make it sound like a ton of fun: ""Food, Art, Music, and Entertainment""-  but it just comes across as a dismal food court. Have yet to go in when it's buzzing and full of positive energy- usually it's fairly empty and even the employees look like they'd rather be elsewhere, and the food simply doesn't look that appealing.

Maybe they just need more work, or maybe the ""Art, Music, & Entertainment"" portions happen at times when I'm not there, but the ""fun and dynamic environment with dancers and drummers"" has yet to materialize.

EDIT: Correction, I saw drummers outside once. But I didn't realize they were affiliated with the FAME business, they just seemed to be in the courtyard area as live entertainment in general. And I only saw them once."
"So glad I checked Yelp before heading to the nearest location- apparently one in town doesn't have a food court?! Lord knows this is a big reason why I frequent this big box store.

Was on my parents' membership years ago, and BF's dad gifted us with membership this past holiday season- went in today to activate. Process was quick and easy, and I was assured that virtually everyone's card photo sucks- part of why it's in black and white and pretty pixelated.

Spent an hour or so wandering the aisles and partaking of a lunch made of samples: cheeses and foccacia bread and fat-free fudge pops, oh my! By far was the Tyson wing samples though.

I'm always decently impressed by the meat selection, but I tend to make more purchases of fish- didn't see my favorite whole-head-on trout that I like to buy from this chain, but I'm fairly confident I could ask for it or find a suitable alternative.

Found the refrigerated produce nook a little odd- it's hidden over by the bread area?

The ladies and gentlemen with samples were friendly without being pushy, informative about their product when asked, and both generous and nonjudgmental when I took two samples of chocolate covered banana coins.

Lines of course were outrageous, which is expected on weekends.

Grabbed a quick bite at the food court- both my favorite and least favorite part of the store. Favorite because it's cheap and tasty, and a great overall value, but least favorite because it is cash only and the location is poorly thought out- it's by the exit, so everyone checks out before getting in line and sitting to eat their food, leading to several carts parked throughout the area, often blocking and congesting exiting traffic.

All employees we interacted with, from sample handlers to registration to cashier and snack bar, were friendly and courteous. Though it's not the closest location to my home, it's likely the one I'll frequent.

PS, go down to the entrance behind the building off the main street and park on the side by the automotive department. Much easier, less traffic, and quicker in and out."
"The west side has so many thrift stores! This one is run by volunteers, stocked via donations, and uses it's profits to support the local community. Always nice to hear.

Selection is heavy on clothing, even including a small rack of name brands and special-occasion dresses, but they have TONS of shoes. They also have some higher-priced collectible type items, with evaluation paperwork, with their home goods section. And I'm always happy to see a thriving book department!

One thing I dislike here is that many of the non-clothing items have prices penned on in marker- dishes, vases, appliances, etc. Not sure what kind of marker is used or how well it erases, but it kept me from purchasing a vintage cookie jar, because the placement of the writing was not discrete."
"Very impressed with my visit yesterday: worked with Katherine Krouse after making an appointment online with their website. I was in and out in a little over half an hour with all of my 2013 taxes completely resolved.

Katherine was friendly and efficient, and had no problem filing my taxes for Texas and California- though there is a separate $100 fee to file CA taxes. Katherine was able to take care of my moving and employment deductions, as well as answer all of my questions. Completed everything needed for my taxes in record time, and even filled out a page to get my refund directly deposited to my bank. Pricing was reasonable, considering everything I needed to take into account. I was advised that next year's taxes would be $120 to file, provided I only had employment in NV.

EDIT: Referred my BF here to resolve some complicated tax issues when he got audited. JD's was awesome about going through everything with a fine tooth comb and ensuring he was caught up on everything, going back several years and two other states. Efficient, thorough, and professional."
"I recently found the #1 location on the other end of Charleston, but this one is actually closer to me. Unlike many other taco trucks, this one accepts credit cards, so if you spot them open, there's no reason not to stop!

The burritos are packed with meat and the quesadillas are amazing. Don't forget to hit the salsa bar because they don't pack your takeout order with any (found out the hard way on my first visit!), but everything is super fresh. Their asada and lengua are my preferred meats but the al pastor is bomb, too."
"Growing up in Texas, I'm a pretty hard customer to please when it comes to barbecue. Lucille's did not do it for me, but with limited options in Vegas, I wouldn't completely write them off.

Opted for quite a variety of menu options, don't know that I'd highly suggest any of them. Definitely consider starting with an alcoholic beverage, the house margarita was tasty- I forget it's clever name though.

Complimentary BISCUITS upon seating- topped with cinnamon sugar why? Would be so much better unseasoned with regular butter, as others have said.
BRISKET CHILI- large portion, tasty, but brisket isn't as flavorful as I'd like. Adding cheese and sour cream kind of covers up some of the flavor. Cornbread is sweet, which isn't my preference.
PULLED PORK SANDWICH- large and juicy, top bun is disposable as there's nothing on it and the bun is quite large. Not really a sandwich you can easily pick up to eat. Served with fresh-made chips, which were actually quite delicious. 
TRI SALAD- salad topped with tri-tip and grilled veggies, gigantic in size and fresh. Worth a try if you're on a salad or health-centric kick, the meat is a good portion and isn't dry, which still makes it enjoyable for a steak at a bbq joint.
CHICKEN QUESADILLA AND GRILLED ARTICHOKE- had high hopes for this meal made of two half-size entrees, but was underwhelmed. Barbecue chicken in the quesadilla isn't particularly flavorful, despite simply being accompanied by grilled peppers and onions. LIghtly topped with a mostly-decorative design of red pepper sauce and barbecue sauce, this simply had too much going on and the chicken seemed bland, easily overpowered by everything else in the dish. Artichoke was artfully presented but a little difficult to eat, all but diehard artichoke fans need not apply.

Layout is a little odd, with a street entrance and a casino entrance- on a weekend afternoon, signage at the front of the latter instructed us to go through the restaurant to the other side of the bar to the other hostess stand for seating. Having never been there before, it was difficult to find and we basically wandered the dining room until we turned the corner making the stand itself visible. Not such a great plan- maybe have staff on the lookout to escort guests to the right place.

Service was fairly attentive despite a shift change during our meal, bonus points for the classic Ball canning jars used as water glasses. We were seated facing the bar, which has three TV screens above it, someone please change the middle TV from cartoons- bizarre choice of programming as this isn't really a child-friendly place."
"Poke spots are popping up like crazy and they can't all be good. I didnt quite like this place- the name doesn't make any sense and their use of yogurt bowls bothers me. But I was pleased with my first order (To See Bowl with black rice), the service was friendly, and the price was about average. Plus, they have a miso soup dispenser. If that doesn't get you excited, I don't want to be your friend. 

As a couple of other people have mentioned, the set bowls aren't the best value because they come with three proteins- the DIY large is a dollar more and comes with five. I was less than thrilled to have a giant heap of salad at the bottom of my bowl, where it got soggy under the fish and sauce.  Apparently this is the way they do things,  as I had the same issue with my second bowl. This is also the first place I've seen that marinates the fish and sauce WITH the rice, which saturates it and makes it difficult to eat with chop sticks. Build your own and be specific to avoid these issues. 

Bowls aside, they also cater to the grab-and-go crowd with a refrigerator of rolls, bowls, and individually-wrapped nigiri (another thing I don't understand, lots of plastic waste) made fresh daily. I don't remember what roll I got, it was a little plain, but decently fresh and not covered in sauce.

This isn't my first pick for a poke bowl, but it's also not my last. Whatever you get, be sure to add on a miso soup so you can use the little dispenser, which looks like a fountain drink station. Can I get one of those for my house?!

EDIT: Adding a star. The more I come here, the more I like it. I'm still not a huge fan of the cups, just because they pack them so full that I can't move the ingredients around to mix up my bites. But the fish and produce are always fresh, staff are really friendly, and they keep adding more to their menu."
"Go for the grilled shrimp poboy- it's great! Crusty bread, cajun-seasoned shrimp, special sauce, and fresh veggies, hard to go wrong. Other items I've had here are hit or miss though.

The fried items aren't great, maybe it's their oil? Their catfish is supposed to be a highlight but I still prefer to drive the extra 10 minutes to Mario's. As for sides, the red beans and rice were pretty gummy, the mac was decent, and the fried okra was so salty it was inedible.

Prices are pretty good. New location is clean, located right by Four Kegs. Service was pretty friendly for grabbing takeout. I'll be back, but I'm sticking to the poboys."
"Quick service counter, with a clean and spacious dining room, offering a variety of popular Thai dishes you can customize with your choice of protein and spice level. Appreciate that they have ""healthy"" soup and salad options rather than just a bunch of high-carb noodle dishes.

Tom Yum soup with coconut milk and shrimp was decent- huge portion if you dine in, not so much if you opt for takeout. Broth wasn't as complex as I'd expect. The pad salad with vermicelli and chicken was okay- noodles were overcooked, had to add sriracha to perk up the sauce, but there were plenty of veggies. 

Attention to detail is a bit lacking: appetizer dumpling order was clearly overcooked and falling apart. I was the only customer, not sure why these weren't remade because they weren't up to a minimum standard. I make them better myself at home from Trader Joes. 

Pricing is generally good for entrees- under $10, large portions. Add ons add up though, and apps are overpriced, like $1.88 for a pinkie-sized egg roll and nearly $4 for a single spring roll. Order wisely."
"I wanted to love this place. It took several visits to actually find them open, and it seems their hours and menu have changed a lot over time. 8AM is a little late to open a coffee shop if you're hoping to grab neighborhood business, and I would think closing on a Sunday would cost them business from people exploring the cute downtown area.

They focus mostly on beverages, with some limited grab and go food items and pastries. Menu had wraps listed as ""coming soon"", but I saw no mention of the breakfast quiches and sandwiches mentioned in other reviews. 

The coffee I got was decent- they have a few unexpected flavors for your latte, like mint, which is seasonal elsewhere. I don't know if they were out of nonfat milk when I went, or if they don't stock it, but they do have soy and almond available? 

If you go in the late afternoon, they discount their pastries: cupcakes were BOGO when I went. The pina-colada flavor stuck to the wrapper and didn't wow, but the classic red velvet was well done and disappeared quickly. 

Service was friendly. Space is large for groups, quiet for studying, and has a lending library available on site, which I thought was a great touch. Though it's on Water Street, it's not a particularly high-traffic area so it seems this spot is still fighting to stay open and find it's niche in the community."
"I drive past this place all the time and in my head, I constantly make fun of the name. It makes zero sense whatsoever. And yet, it's catchy, and as soon as my iPad charger stopped working, I'll admit- it's the first place that came to mind.

I called to verify they had chargers before I left. Got a bit frustrated when trying to pull into their lot from the Jones side during rush hour, since their lot does not seem to connect with others in the plaza, but eventually I made it in.

Was helped by a young-ish pregnant lady who was super friendly and polite. She immediately took a look at the inside of my charger connector and assured me that I didn't need to buy the whole set, but instead just replace the cable- and they have an off-brand product that's $13 instead of Apple's outrageous $25.

Was quickly in and out with less of a hit to my pocketbook than expected. Silly name, serious staff. The wacky name makes them memorable, I guess."
"Handy spot to have nearby- it seems like every major holiday, sports team, and cartoon has a dedicated sp and ot of items available year-round. There's even a section that breaks down costume accessories and cups, tablecloths, etc. by color. Heads up that the wedding area is pretty sparse and right up against the bachelorette items- phalluses and wedding bells for everyone!

In addition to the decor and costumes, store offers invitations and balloons by special order- I haven't used either service, but I do come by frequently for seasonal decor items for my classroom and campus events. 

Staff are not particularly helpful and prices can be a bit high- if you have enough notice to shop online or need a large amount of something, that may be your better option."
"Another newly opened French bakery spot! This one has great decor with a variety of seating options and wonderful service from Stacy, Emily, and the other ladies. Visited on opening day to a limited menu of lovely goods, especially enjoyed the Ham & Cheese sandwich. They use fresh Boar's Head meats cut to order, and use a fantastic house-made Dijon dressing for the side salad. Fresh baked goods are also available, and at good pricing. Looking forward to coming back and trying more.

EDIT: Popped in again while in the area. Baked goods were not as fresh. Have given time for them to get settled in as a new business and quality seems lower rather than higher. A friend tried to set up a group brunch here and was required to get food orders a week in advance?"
"What a sweet little salon! Found this spot through a Groupon purchase and will likely be back due to proximity to my work. The spa is clean, staff are super nice, and polish selection includes OPI, which is all I use. Prices seem fairly reasonable, too.

Came in for a regular mani/pedi- upgrading to deluxe gets you three additional services (massage, sugar scrub, mask) for $20 more. Didn't have the time to do that on my visit, stuck with the basic. Massage chairs are functional, TV available, water/juice upon entry. 

My cuticles and calluses were properly addressed, and nails were shaped to my liking. I accidentally smudged a nail grabbing my purse before I left, and staff were nice about doing a quick fix. In addition to nails, Lu specializes in hair services, and they also do waxing."
"4.5 stars, rounding up for uniqueness and fabulous service.

Heard about this place from a friend, who highly recommended the uni pasta dish. Came in with the BF and was a bit surprised by the prices on the menu and the variety of dishes- took us a long while to decide on our orders. Judging by the Top 10 List, it's a pretty common issue here.

Server was super sweet and polite and made several suggestions.
After browsing so many Yelp reviews that insisted on the uni tomato cream pasta, we finally caved and decided to split that as our entrée and add on a bunch of appetizers to share.

Total came to just under $50 before tip.
Shared the half order of FRIED OYSTERS (just okay), the ITALIAN SPRING ROLLS (didn't care for them at all- poorly executed and overpriced, take it off the menu), and the BRUSCHETTA- three different types served on three small circles of bread, a bit small to share but very tasty: one was seafood, another was avocado and wasabi, and the third was a mozzarella that was to die for. Wish it was served with two pieces of each type rather than just one though, just a hint of each flavor wasn't enough.

And then there was the UNI TOMATO CREAM PASTA, the dish sonnets are written for. I'm not  fan of uni at sushi restaurants but somehow this dish works really, really well- it almost comes off as a rosa sauce with clams, but roughly six billion times better. The uni is sneaky and it's flavor is in every bite but there isn't a large quantity of it in the dish itself. Somehow the extra shakers of red pepper and parmesan don't feel sacrilegious when you shake them on your serving."
"This place was profiled in LV Weekly a few months back, and specifically mentioned the beef roll pie, 8 Treasure Noodle, and the frog dish. While I'm intrigued to try frog again, I'll save that $16 dish for a dine-in visit as it doesn't sound like it will travel well.

Opted for the noodle dish and roll pie, ordered by phone to pick up, was ready when I got there a mere 15 minutes later- interior of restaurant is a bit nicer than I expect, having been to a few places in this plaza already. 

Noodle dish was packed well with the noodles separate from the sauce- assembled myself at home, and though I'm not entirely sure of the components, I was okay with the overall flavor. Lots of cut up meats, what appeared to be beans, and shrimp in a brown gravy sauce. Aroma of sauce didn't initially appeal to me but taste was decent. Not a bad dish but not one I can see myself coming back for.

Beef roll pie was a surprise with fresh herb inside- good mix of flavors and textures, and a good portion size for something I assumed was an appetizer and not an actual dish. Tasting this dish makes me curious about dim sum options here, though I decided against getting the XLB (reviews are mixed and I was not dining in).

Portion price and quality for price are fair ($20 total and enough for 2 meals), décor is nicer and more upscale than expected, paper menu is not in keeping with these other aspects of the restaurant- not cohesive, but not an issue that will prevent me from coming back to try other dishes."
"Shortly after the shooting at Mandalay Bay, various local groups started organizing fundraisers and ways to contribute. Jus Run, one of my favorite race management companies, quickly organized this 5K so that runners could support in their own way- running together or virtually, with many volunteering their time for packet pickup and day-of organization, and proceeds going to the Vegas Victims fund. The run quickly sold out and moved to a different venue to accommodate at Craig Ranch Park. There were over 2500 participants for the event and  $60K was raised. 

The event itself ran pretty smoothly, with extra space opened for parking and officers guiding traffic. Due to traffic, the event started a bit late. Route was clearly marked with 2 aid stations and plenty of cheering folks along the way. Despite the somber reason that brought us together, it was in true Vegas spirit that the community turned out to support one another."
"As we walked in, we were told they were out of pork and beef. Not a great start to our visit. Then we got the sticker shock- a plate with two entrees and a large side (similar to what you'd get at Panda Express) will run you $13 without a drink. Was the quality worth it? Debatable.

Pacific Garlic Prawns: they're shrimp not prawns, good flavors, but sauce was thin and watery 
Mandarin Chicken: BF said texture was rubbery, I found the sauce too sweet
Broccoli & Beef: Guess it was the last of their beef?, average
Teriyaki chicken: better than expected
Sides: fried rice and long life noodles were okay,  less greasy than similar spots. 
Dim sum: shrimp ball was bland, parsley-shrimp dumpling tasted good but the skin stuck to the serving dish and fell apart.
Drinks: They have smoothies for $7 with additional chia seed, protein, etc for +$1 add-on. Strawberry-peach flavor recommended by the cashier was refreshing. Fountain beverages use the Coke Freestyle machine.

Service was polite, but extremely slow. Despite the cafeteria-style setup, food is made to order, which is good but takes longer than expected for this type of restaurant. My noodles came out after my guy was completely done eating his meal.

TIPS: Join their mailing list for various offers. They currently offer 20% off coupons for your next visit if you check in on Yelp."
"Maybe I just didn't come here with the right type of mindset- I wasn't here with a rowdy group, we weren't here to get drunk, and we didn't do karaoke. Regardless, the place was dead on a late Friday night. 

Food isn't bad, but it's hella overpriced. It's just wings, and they're not even that great. They're not too small, but quality does not justify the prices here. No reason to spend $15 on 10 wings or $15 on a ""shareable-size"" shaved ice dessert. 

Service is nearly nonexistent and doesn't speak much English. Menu is difficult to understand and looks like a middle school student put it together with ClipArt and forgot to use spellcheck."
"Well-stocked and CLEAN Japanese market! 

FOOD: No grocery or meat here,  just a few refrigerator cases and deep freezers. Some noodles, soups, and a lot of fish here (sashimi quality, frozen and unsalted), but my favorite find is the black sesame mochi. Tiny section of ready-made buns and sushi rolls, limited variety but would love to find out when they put the dishes out fresh.

GIFTS: Quite a few small gift items, from decorative magnet and eraser sets to some Hello Kitty merchandise and the Asian equivalent of bizarre ""as seen on TV"" products. Good items to grab to mail to a friend or tuck into a birthday or holiday gift bag.

DRY GOODS/COSMETICS/OTHER: noodles and seasonings, dishes and chopsticks, and tons of foreign hair dyes and magazines, mostly geared toward visitors and recent immigrants who have a particular brand favorite from back home. 

There's also a movie rental area, which is unique and cool, though I wasn't clear on how it works. Small wine selection toward the back. Friendly staff. 

$10 card minimum lost them a star: I'm not surprised by it but dislike that the info isn't posted anywhere. Inconvenient when all I grab are small, cheap items. Pricing is all over the place: absurdly high on some items, average or normal on others, and suspiciously cheap on a handful, too."
"Painfully slow service across three visits. Not necessarily the staff's fault, there's rarely more than one person working! Prices are okay: $3/single scoop, just under $4 for a waffle cone scoop, $2.25 for additional scoops.

Apparently staff don't understand the concept of two scoops in a single cup, as I have to specifically direct them to do so or I receive two separate small cups with a heaping scoop each- despite coming in solo. The $5.25 serving could easily feed an entire family.  

Cookie crunch and Kuai flavors are decent, others have not been memorable. Improving service would probably help overall experience: an additional employee on weekend evenings specifically."
"When a business specializes in one single item, they better be damn good at it.  Luckily, the Corndog Company actually makes really good corndogs, available in half and quarter pound sizes. They recommend getting this with a honey drizzle, which I've never heard of but actually offsets the saltiness of the dog nicely without adding to the heaviness of the fried outer shell. Add mustard for some extra contrast. I haven't had a corn dog in ages but the one I had here was not only tasty but surprisingly  light on the oil. Looking forward to seeing them at another community event soon!"
"""Meh, I've experienced better,"" perfectly captures my feelings. SBB recently opened and they have lots of room for improvement. Prices seemed a touch high for what I got (the #1 bowl), not on par with the portion, quality, or competition. The bowl I received, while fresh, was skimpy (barely half-full for $11) and the flavors did not go well together. The sauce in particular was off-putting and artificial-tasting. I took my order to go, or else I would have asked for it to be remade. 

Those who prefer to build their own bowls might be disappointed here, as the available ingredients are more limited than other places. The staff were friendly and the location is clean and modern, reminiscent of a froyo shop. They also offer a 10% Yelp check-in discount, but I am not sure I'll be coming back to redeem mine any time soon."
"Reviews are positive and pictures made the food seem both traditional and legit, so I dared to phone in a late-night order to go: combination pan fried noodle (BF's fave!) and an app of the fried shrimp balls (because duh- shrimp balls, yo).

Was told it would be ready in 10 minutes. That's like Jimmy Johns fast.
The drive alone took me nearly 10 minutes because I didn't know where it was- it's easy enough to find though, adjacent to the drive-thru Subway on Decatur. 

Interior of restaurant initially smells like the Subway it's next to- very odd. Service is about what you'd expect from a Chinese restaurant with four large tables of Asian families dining on traditional dishes. That is to say, lackluster service. Somehow I even had to ask for chopsticks. I was a little bummed that they didn't include fortune cookies with my check as they did for dine-in customers. Oh well, it was late (almost 10:30).

Got home and was pleasantly surprised by the packaging; the corners of the shrimp balls' styrofoam box were removed to vent so that the condensation didn't build up and make them mushy. And the crispy pan fried noodle was in a box alone, with the accompanying gravy in a lidded soup cup. Genius!

Plated the noodles and gravy, and BF tore in. It was super, super hot (temperature) despite getting there a little late and making the trek home. Hot and delicious, though I prefer a few more veggies than I got. The shrimp balls though, were legit. Small and crispy and shrimpy and tasty, with a cup of that pinkish red sauce that wasn't too ketchuppy but just right.

Would order from here again. Seems like it may be worth dining in next time."
"Don't be fooled by the name, this isn't a sausage-based restaurant but more of a Eastern European grocery with a large deli stocked with plenty of sausage. Deli area also has ready-made items like fresh pickles, salads, schnitzel, and stuffed cabbage rolls. 

Pricing is pretty fair and the selection of meats and cheeses is good, but I'm hoping they add more items as the settle in. I would specifically like to see olivier salad and a selection of breads- as it is, I need to stop next door at TJ's if I want to make a sandwich with the deli goods purchased here. Staff is friendly and happy to offer samples- ask for the salmon!"
"A great way for tourists to schlep about town without having to rely on the cutthroat taxi Nazis or braving the absurd summer heat. I've stayed at the far end of the Strip for a conference and used the monorail to get back and forth to more relevant areas. The wait has always been consistently short, prices are reasonable (especially considering other options), and it's always been clean and easy to find. I would love for the monorail to be extended to service a greater area, but I won't hold my breath."
"I met Meet Fresh with a group of friends on opening weekend- Taiwanese desserts are completely foreign to me outside from my familiarity with boba, mochi, and shaved ice in general, but combining the those and adding herbal jelly, sweet potato, and pudding was a textural trip. THrow in some barley and red bean for good measure. The closest comparison I can make is halo-halo, but the treats here are really something you need to try for yourself. Whatever you get, this chain is known for their taro balls so be sure to try that on something.

Space is clean, menu is well organized with photos of their hot and cold dishes and drinks. Note that the shaved ice dishes are humongous, suitable for sharing as a group. I liked the variety of flavors and textures in the one we tried but would prefer an option to add fresh fruit as a topping rather than some of the more traditional add-ons. The mochi-pudding combos are something I'd likely return for, as they are lightly sweet but still on the small side. Also, anything with the almond pudding, which I really enjoyed- if only they had an ice size more suitable for individual diners!"
"Island Malaysian has opened their second location in the space that used to be World Noodle- stopped by last night wanting a hot, spicy soup with noodles and seafood to help me beat this illness but found it had been reopened as a new place. Let the server know I was feeling under the weather and what kind of dish I had originally been seeking, and they were able to accommodate and customized a dish! 

 Seafood tom yum mee hoon is closest to what I got: thick noodles and plenty of seafood (crab, octopus, and overcooked shrimp) all doused in a medium-spice curry sauce with tons of flavor. Really enjoyed my meal, and at $10 including tip it was a steal!

Interior is more upscale than expected. Menu at this location is smaller than the original but keeps the mainstays like satay and roti, but majority of menu is noodles, soups, and rices. They must have just opened, as they had no other customers while I was there and exterior has both the old signage for World Noodle and the new temporary signage for Island Malaysian."
"If you have small children, or even mid-size children, this might be a fun time. After about middle school though, the appeal wears off a bit. Pricing is a bit high at $18 each (2 and under is free), and gets you a passport for rides. Given the short, seasonal nature of the Magical Forest, lines are long and the place is pretty packed. 

It's a cute spot to check out and walk around. The decorations are nice and festive, and there are a couple of food vendors around. The main non-ride feature seems to be the series of Christmas trees decorated by local businesses- a one-two punch of advertising and charity, as the funds generated here are put immediately to use at the parent organization that works within the local community.  Like I said though, lines get long and go slow, so arrive early and dress for the weather.

TIP: Do the Santa Run and get a free pass to check this place out!"
"Green Regime markets itself as a ""wellness cafe"", and is fittingly located inside of the Partell Pharmacy. Space is open, bright, and clean, and there are some samples available. Menu offers a limited selection of juices, smoothies, protein shakes, and sandwich/wrap/salad options. Pricing is average to high: $8+ for a 16 oz juice, nearly $10 for a protein shake. 

Service was friendly. Items are made to order, so call ahead if you're in a hurry. Some outdoor seating is available. The two green juices are just okay- Clean Green has an overwhelming parsley flavor that I did not care for, while the Green Quencher was extremely gritty.

NOTE: Closed weekends! Don't forget to check in on the app for 10% off."
"More like sub-prime burger. Okay, that might be a little harsh, considering I didn't have the service issues that seem so prevalent in other reviews, but it was hard to find anything great about my burger. I got the Frenchie (gruyere, swiss, fried egg, onion relish, grilled onions, frisee, dijon mayo, $15) and it was rather plain tasting- burger was closer to medium than med-rare, I wasn't asked my bun preference (brioche for the French burger should be a given), and there was no wow factor. The dijon-mayo and onion relish were nearly nonexistent, burger had a very one-note flavor profile. When a burger is $15, it should at least be perfectly executed even if the toppings dont work well together.  On the plus side, they have a Yelp check-in offer for free fries ($4.50 value)- they're thin cut, crispy, and salty, and portion is large enough for the table to share."
"One of the lesser antiques stores in Boulder City- they can thank the Coffee Cup café next door for at least 90% of their business. Displays outside are fun to browse, but most of the stuff inside is overpriced, as others have mentioned.

Walked in to hear the owner ranting to another customer about tourists, and how so many people go in without buying. Found that to be a distinct turn off, so I saw myself the door. With so many other antiques places in town that are better styled, with more selection, and great service, there's no need to go here. Walk across the street to the Antiques Depot instead, if you're waiting for a table next door."
"The name is pretty accurate: the soups, salads, and sandwiches are made fresh, and there are two giant pastry cases full of cakes and treats. There's even a wall full of clean eating tips and info on superfoods toward the back. Their commitment to healthy options seems evident.

But their flavors leave a lot to be desired. Came in for breakfast but they have a limited and basic three-option menu, so I opted instead for lunch: half and half sandwich and salad combo. The EGG SALAD BLT was extremely disappointing: basic sliced wheat grocery store bread with pureed eggs, no seasoning whatsoever, and microwaved bacon. I took two bites and moved on to the GREEK QUINOA SALAD- because I love greek food, quinoa, and salad. The components were each okay, but they didn't harmonize and the dressing was oddly bitter. Did not finish either option.

Service was okay. Space is clean. I like the décor, especially the graphic print along the side booths and the lounge-like seating in the front. Order was ready quickly, and prices seem average- unfortunately, the food is too."
"Despite all the cuisines represented in Vegas, I have yet to find a go-to spot for Jamaican food. I pretty much have to wait til I go out of town to get my fix for goat curry, oxtails, or jerk chicken. Needless to say I was thrilled to hear about Jamaican Spice- even their gas station location couldn't deter me, and I was happy to support them so they could eventually move to a stand alone restaurant if the food was up to par. 

But after two trips out of my way, I have yet to find them open. I have no idea where the Yelp hours are from, because there are no posted hours at their counter. The space is bare but for a Jamaican flag and doesn't even look open. At one point, I visited at 5:30PM to a sign saying they'd be back at 2:30- no clue how that works, did someone forget to come back from break after the lunch rush? Are they returning at 2:30AM? Does this business even exist? I have no idea. Even the cashier in the gas station said he had no idea what was going on with this place."
"Underwhelmed by my daytime visit for food- the location is lit like a nightclub 24/7, even at 11AM on a Sunday when all I wanted was to satisfy a killer wing craving.

As it is, they seem to have a group of regulars sitting at tables and watching Law & Order with their laptops and a hookah, seems like a chill place to hang out and get work done. Wifi is free, which helps. There's hookah smoking here but no cigarette smoking allowed, which I appreciate because I can't stand that smell.

Lady we placed order with was friendly, her mom was the cook, order took about ten to fifteen minutes to come out, which was fairly reasonable. Had time to sit and look around, liked the lighting effects and modern décor/seating, but found it odd that they don't have more lights on during the day or anything to make it a little more restaurant-like for non-nightclub hours.

Food itself was just okay: 12 piece spicy garlic wings just tasted like mild buffalo sauce and no garlic, for 12 wings we were given 2 tiny cups of ranch which would not have been sufficient if they were the spice temperature we actually ordered. The beef shish kabob wrap was dry and had no sauce, side of Caesar salad was bagged at an angle so the dressing dripped out of the box and all over the bag.

EDIT: Subtracted an additional star after a traffic incident with an employee in a company truck covered in HML contact info and logos. He was speeding, tailgating, and nearly sideswiped my car in 5 o'clock traffic about a block away from the lounge. Dangerous on it's own, unprofessional when representing your company. I would have given them another chance before, now I won't be."
"Heads up, even though they have ""brown rice"" in their name and menu, you have to pay extra when you order it. Say what?! It is a $1 charge to sub brown rice for white rice when you order here. Found that unexpected and backwards.

CRISPY SPINCH APP: Tempura-fried leaves similar to the salad at Nitayas. Portion is pretty similar, dressing isn't as good, leaves were clumped together, but the $4.88 price tag is a lot smaller.
GINGER RICE SOUP: Comforting, large portion is only $8. I like that they pack the rice separately from the soup (I opted for brown). Shrimp version came with four pieces.
EGGPLANT MADE OVER: eggplant and veggie stir fry with chicken, $11. Tasty sauce menu claims is ""spicy chili basil"". It was tasty, and I liked the basil notes, but this wasn't spicy and I wasn't asked about a spice preference.
PINEAPPLE FRIED RICE: Ordered this with chicken as well, portion was a bit smaller than elsewhere but still quite large. I liked that this version included cashews, which add great texture. Could have used a few more though, only found about five in the entire order.

$40 for Thai takeout dinner for two is a little steep, but resulted in a massive amount of food overall. Note that this spot seems to be strictly grab-and-go, though they do have small stools and a counter lining the room. Call ahead if you can, they were busy when I popped in on a random weeknight but still got the order out quickly."
"Local version of Whole Foods, with an eye-catching exterior mural and outdoor seating. Inside offers a limited handful of grocery store staples, but their focus is on take-and-eat food and beverage, including some alcoholic options.

Order at the counter from a menu of sandwiches and sides for breakfast and lunch, grab a juice from a refrigerated case or a coffee from the barista, and visit the cafeteria-style hot foods section to take your lunch or dinner home for later!

Friendly service, clean and organized space. Especially love the tables and chairs outside- bonus points for an adjacent parking lot!"
"Worst service, no room to stand in line, and crappiest sandwich I've had in a while. 
For starters, the drive thru means there's only 4 parking spots for this tiny place. And once you make it inside, there's really only room for about four people to be in the building at one time- there are chairs and counters along the perimeter of the dining area for those who want to dine in, but there really isn't a way for people standing in line to NOT constantly bump into the seated diners. Bad floor plan.

Service was crappy and borderline nonexistent- I was asked what I wanted, and if I wanted it toasted, and if I wanted veggies, and then told my total. Employee was female and young and rude. After paying for my order, she handed me my receipt and walked off- no thank you or good bye, and she didn't even hand me my sandwich, which was practically behind the register. Awkward.

Add to this that there are several signs up promoting their jalapeno cheese bread, and they were out of it when I went in-- at noon on a Sunday. On top of that, when I finally ate my sandwich, there was hardly any meat on it and it was clumped in the middle with bites of bread and veggies at either end- of a six inch. 
Tried the chicken enchilada sandwich and it was underwhelming. I'm confident that I had around seven Fritos in the entire sandwich, and I am not sure whether she forgot to include sauce on my sandwich or chose not to put it on- because it was really dry."
"Siamese Bistro has been on my bookmarks for ages, based in large part on the fact that their social media promotes one of my favorite hard-to-find Thai dishes: Khao Soi, a curry noodle soup with chicken topped with fried noodles for a beautiful presentation. Planned a group dinner here during the holidays to check the place out with a few friends, most of who are Thai or have been to Thailand. 

Menu items were hit or miss- the soft shell crab and mango salads were both great, refreshing starters but the curries we ordered were on the sweeter side, even when ordering green (which is supposed to be hotter).  
 The Khao Soi that I was so looking forward to was underwhelming, with a bland curry soup base and dry, overcooked chicken. We chose another business in the plaza for dessert.

Service  was not particularly engaging or attentive. We repeatedly had to ask for additional sharing plates/bowls, spoons, etc. All of the diners were seated in adjacent booths along the right wall- out of the entire restaurant space, literally all of the customers were in one area, all right next to each other, which hampered conversation as we didn't want to disturb tables immediately adjacent to us.  Not sure why this was done but it contributed to making our visit less enjoyable."
"The ratings seem to be ranking this place pretty average, but Crave is one of the better options at Downtown Summerlin. Prices are a pretty penny for what you get, but they offer specials like $50/couple Date Night entrees and wine, discounted sushi days, and such. They do offer an ""Under $10"" snack section that trends to small and disappointing, but I guess it's the thought that's supposed to count.

LEMON GARLIC WINGS: I'll start with the positive menu items. Hot damn these were good! Fragrant with garlic, flavorful and crispy, and served as the full wing rather than just the drumstick as elsewhere. Even the bleu cheese dipping sauce, while totally unnecessary because the chicken itself was delicious, was good.
CRAB ARTICHOKE DIP: This was tasty, decent amount of meat combined with a ""lemony mayo"" that gave it a bit more flavor than other versions. Served with thin triangles of flatbread, but we mostly at it with the aforementioned tortilla chips. Though there was crab in this dip, there wasn't much in the way of artichoke, surprisingly. $15 for a small, shareable appetizer portion.
CHIPS & GUAC/PICO: Chips with guac and chips with pico are both listed on the ""snacks"" section, and they're fine. Portion is small to match the $5 price tag. Guac was fresh, pico was boring and bland. Having a solid house salsa would be a better option.
NEGIHAMA ROLL: Simple maki-style roll with a white fish, seasoned with some green onion and a hint of ponzu. Fresh and tasty, if a bit on the boring side. Can't really argue with the $5 price, kind of hits the spot if you're craving sushi but don't want to do a full meal of it.

Service was lackluster: initially walked in to an unmanned hostess stand, as we debated whether to dine elsewhere, she returned and told us to seat ourselves if we were going to be in the bar area. 15 minutes later, no one had acknowledged us so we went back to the hostess to receive an actual table. She didn't seem surprised or apologetic, so this may be the norm. Server was less than efficient and not particularly personable. 

As other reviews have stated, the menu is all over the place with apps, pastas, burgers, fish dishes, and sushi, leading to a 'jack of all trades, master of none' feeling. Despite sampling a few different types of dishes, I can't honestly say there's one they do best. Will likely be coming back to try their date night or sushi specials. 

NOTE: For those with Celiac disease, they do offer a dedicated GF menu that isn't as sparse or boring as other places."
"Came in for late happy hour pricing after a UYE. BF and I opted for a plum wine and the crispy rice with spicy tuna dish from the HH menu, then shared the ""pick 3 for $15"" special, opting for the salmon skin roll, the Alaska roll, and the shrimp tempura udon. Special is served with both miso soup and salad.

Sushi quality was decent- fish was fresh and rolls were flavorful and more on the traditional side, but were not rolled very right and as a result a few pieces fell apart. Soups were both flavorful and noodles were a good portion for the dish.

Favorite order was the crispy rice. I'd come back and get two or three orders as a meal, which for a dollar a piece isn't bad pricing. Pieces are large enough to be a couple of bites each, too. Plum wine was sweet but had a slightly bitter aftertaste, not sure what brand they used but I would not get it with regular pricing."
"I love divey sushi bars, the more hole-in-the-wall, the better. I love discovering that they also have amazing sushi at good prices. I wanted so much to fall in love with this place. And yet, that didn't happen.

The Good:
The interior is surprisingly traditional, clean, and inviting. The staff is friendly, the fish is fresh. They were willing to make me a take-out order just before closing, and were quite polite. Crab is real crab, not imitation krab mix, which was a nice change of pace and unexpected given my assumptions about the location.

The Not-So-Good:
Located in a run-down plaza anchored (if you can even say that) by Jimmy Johns and little else, exterior is not at all inviting. Menu features about an equal division of traditional rolls, about a third baked/fried, and variations of the California roll. Found sushi menu fairly boring and (again, based on my expectations given the exterior) overpriced. Majority of rolls other than simple maki-style were over $10, and they were small. 

Ordered a California roll and a Rimba roll (scallop, crab, cream cheese)- rolls were very similar, given that they both had crab. Scallop was minimal, but crab was fresh and genuine. But I didn't expect to spend $16 (including tip) on just crab, and such small portions at that.

After placing my order, noticed DS#5 (dinner special #5) in the regular menu, that looked like a much better value: two pieces each tuna, yellowtail, and salmon nigiri, plus a California roll, and soup, for $16. Sounded like a better deal but felt it was too late to change my order, especially being that they were at closing time. 

Highly suggest they move to another location, and either lower their prices or up their roll sizes. Keep friendly staff and clean, traditional décor scheme. Also consider increasing hours- they are closed Sunday and only open til 9PM other days, which is fairly early. No business at 8:30 on a Friday night, not sure how they turn a profit. Then again, maybe that's why the prices are so high."
"Decent takeout sushi place- was originally planning to dine in, but there weren't any other customers at 3PM and I was there solo, which seemed a little awkward. The lady on register and gentleman chef were very polite and friendly, I believe they are the husband and wife owners, though we didn't talk shop.

Opted for two of the specialty rolls: the Red Rock (spicy yellowtail and cucumber topped with avocado, spicy garlic ponzu, and green onion) and the Mexican (spicy crab, shrimp, cucumber, topped with avocado, sriracha, and green onion)- can you tell I like green onion? Oddly though, the Mexican roll did not have onion topping. 
Red Rock roll is spicy- I asked to sub regular yellowtail instead of the spicy and could not tell if this had been done, it was still quite hot to me and I'm not particularly sensitive to spice. Rolls themselves were slightly smaller than expected, but fish and other ingredients were fresh and the creamy taste of the avocado topping the Mexican roll balanced out the heat of the Red Rock.

Will have to return to try the chirashi or the poke salad bowls- green monster roll also caught my eye!"
"In short, this was an amazing show. The intro scene alone is worth the ticket price. In addition to demonstrating amazing musical abilities, the guys are great at interacting with the crowd and really creating an energized atmosphere.

Last night's show was their one-year anniversary of being on the Strip, which was cool to be a part of. The guys have their own anti-bullying campaign going on, and were donating 100% of sales to their cause.

For this show, truly expect the unexpected: monkeys, dancing, machinery, a variety of different sets, and a good mix of funny and sentimental moments. And maybe cookies. I don't want to give anything else way, but definitely make sure you are there ON TIME- the opening scene will blow you away.

A final note about my rating:
The only thing that made this show get less than 5 stars, was the audience. One particular table really made a negative impact on my experience by constantly banging on their instruments and screaming throughout the show. The screens repeatedly said for people to keep their instruments silent before the show. After the show started, a video clip informed the audience that people who were not keeping to the responsible-use stipulations with their instruments would be escorted out. This was never enforced. Every person within eyesight of this group kept looking at them and wondering why the servers or management weren't intervening. Disappointed on that end, but the show itself was spectacular."
"YUM! So happy to have found a healthy, tasty, and friendly option for after-work snacks and emergency lunches. Menu offers bowls, a few breakfast/lunch wrap options, and juices/smoothies.

The HUGE acai bowl is my favorite thing here- it is blended and frothy at the bottom without being icy, and the granola and fruit on top make it similar to a parfait. The regular is like $7 while the large is only a dollar more- an $8 meal, which isn't bad considering all of the nutrition it packs!

Bonus star for stellar service! For my first purchase, I was allowed to try the large size bowl at the cost of the regular, which was much appreciated and worth it. Employees are friendly and upbeat, but the line does move really slowly.

EDIT: Dropping a star. Over the past year, quality has taken a nosedive. The acai bowls are now over blended to the point that they're a smoothie consistency, and a flavorless one at that. I used to stop by regularly for healthy lunches and post-workout snacks, but I've stopped because of the product decline."
"This gas station seems to get way less traffic than the one across the street, despite matching prices. Went in today to find out why.

Pump wouldn't process my card, went inside and they only run debit- like AM/PM, which I dislike, but whatever. 

Browsed the shop, which was spacious, but I was put off by the fact that the majority of snack items in convenience store did not have prices labeled- they're not new, pump area outside was remodeled before summer, no reason not to have prices listed, strikes me as suspicious."
"I cannot wait until they open their two other forthcoming locations- this poke place is pretty far from me, so I have to settle for weekly visits. Prices are good, fish is fresh, and everything is customizable, so it can be as healthy or indulgent as you want.

The menu has a handful of set bowls (Passion and Buddha bowl options are solid- $11/ea), or the option to DIY- my preference being greens and quinoa as my base, with a mix of ahi and salmon for my protein, and I mix up my add-ons but always include avocado (no extra charge!). The spicy garlic sauce is a bright green color but doesn't have a wasabi flavor, thankfully.

If I could make one suggestion, it would be to reorder the line so that you select your fish and it is mixed with the sauces and veggies (onion, cucumber, etc)  to marinate for a minute while the base bowl is being assembled. I've had better flavor with places in CA that do it this way, such as Poke Bowl in San Jose. For now, I just ask for extra soy sauce to add, as the bowls can be a bit dry. 

Service is fairly good- if you're with a group, keep an eye on your bowl so it doesn't get mixed up with someone else's by accident. The medium size is $10 and the perfect portion. Location is in the same plaza as Crepe Expectations and Gluten Zero bakery, signage can be a bit difficult to spot from the street."
"New player in the Vegas ramen wars! Unfortunately, not up to par. Prices are pretty fair though, about $10/bowl with generously-sized apps and sides. 

Noodles are chewy and on the thicker side, but there's more to ramen than noodles.  Broth was weak and watered down. The egg was straight-up hard boiled, it even had a gray ring around the yolk; unacceptable. If you can't do it well, don't do it at all. Bowl featured a mix of meats, none of which had much flavor- house made meat ball was bland and unremarkable.

 Mochiko chicken was closer in execution to karaage chicken but a little greasy and bland.  DIY a quick sauce using the soy, sriracha, and togarashi at the table. 

Mediocre meal leaves me disinclined to make a future visit. Menu also offers a variety of rice dishes and bowls. Service was polite, space has not changed decor since previous ownership."
"This place wouldn't be able to stay open in Chinatown. I like that they're one of the few spots that offers the small boba, but if your tea is mediocre it doesn't really matter. I prefer my tea drinks on the less-sweet side and here it seems like everything is made to be a dessert, even if you don't order a snow drink. Multiple orders for less sweet and ""barely sweet at all"" did not seem to be heeded. Not a fan."
"Came here for HH because we were staying at the hotel and the rooftop bar was closed. HH is 3-6PM, gets you a buck off apps and drinks. We tried a drink (El Presidente?), which was similar to a Moscow Mule and their smoked chicken tortilla soup, which was more of a stew than any tortilla soup I've encountered and somehow came out within three minutes of ordering. Bartender was attentive, patio available with heaters."
"I've been craving Chinese takeout for weeks. When I saw that Spicy Mama had opened, I headed on over. Though it's set up similar to Panda Express (cafeteria style bowls and plates) with pre-made food on display, they made two of the three entrees I tried fresh to order. 

Salt and pepper shrimp were freshly-fried with 6 to an order, served with peppers and onions but not quite as salty or peppery as I prefer. The beef and broccoli was solid, with tender meat and broccoli that was cooked just right- not soggy and drowned in sauce, as elsewhere. The Chinese Ribs aren't my thing, but my dining companion really enjoyed them and the light honey-based sauce kept this from being too heavy. I prefered their fried rice to the noodle, which could have used more veggies. Feel like an eggroll should be included in the plate combo. 

They advertise combos available starting at $5 for a single-entree bowl, up to $8 for a three-entree plate. Note that several entree options have (reasonable) add-on fees. Majority of business is takeout or delivery, small and clean dining area available."
"For a Strip casino coffee counter, it's predictably priced ($7 for a large mocha, $10 for a breakfast wrap) and the quality is just okay. I found it average in almost every way. The many teapots on display for decor was nice, and there was plenty of seating, but nothing about the product to make it stand out from other generic spots. My mocha was nicely foamy but the actual brew didn't have much flavor.

Note that they do have a ""drinks only"" line to expedite the morning rush. There's an additional charge for alternative milks, and the breakfast wraps/sandwiches use fake eggs. Sizes are small and large only."
"This is an okay stop for fitness gear and shoes. It's not my preferred place, but this city doesn't seem to have the Academy chain.

This is one of those places were most essential fitness gear is overpriced, due to the brands carried: $75 for leggings, $25 for a ""work out tee"", that sort of thing. I don't think I saw a single garment in the yoga section for under $30, and even the ""clearance"" items seemed to start at $25. 

There are bargains to be had in the shoes department- $40 for KSwiss tennis, $50 for New Balance, and a larger selection of wide-fit shoes in the men's department than some other nearby shoe stores that I won't name....
That being said, the shoe selection is surprisingly limited: maybe ten pair max designated ""tennis"" shoes, a mediocre-at-best women's selection in general, that sort of thing.

Extra star for their Yelp check in special: $10 off $50 or more with check in. And they didn't even check it off of my phone either, so saving for another day just in case."
"Good for gym clothes and some clearance items- go elsewhere for anything else.
Clearance section is a jumble, womens and juniors sections both mixed up together. 

Store has a giant cosmetics area and half-decent furniture and home decor, but I came for clothes and there was no organization to any of the sections I browsed and dresses were strewn all over the place.

Went at noon on a weekday, so it's not as if I came just prior to close and wondered why it looked like a bomb had hit it."
"Solid homestyle Chinese food- expect to see lots of families dining together at giant tables heaped with giant portions of fresh food, twirling around on lazy susans. Service is not the most attentive but genuine and polite, food is fresh and great.

Menu is extensive and a bit more expensive than you might expect- but the quality is the reason why. Also, portions are enormous. Many seafood dishes including sea cucumber, lobster, and crab. Some dim sum-like items on the appetizer menu, including my favorite fried shrimp balls, but here they go for larger portions with a justifiably higher price tag (order of 8 for $13).

Getting a few dishes to share family-style is the way to go here: Szechuan scallops are stir fried with onions, bell pepper, and bamboo, and is a great dish here. Another favorite is the barbeque duck, which is available at a well-priced $9 for the half order and is served with an amazing sauce."
"Found out about this place through Dana S, who brought a charcuterie plate of meats and cheeses to a World Cup party we both attended- everything was beyond delicious and I couldn't stop stuffing my face.

Finally came in on my own to see what the deal was: Lisa R breaks down the math to let you know that spending over $200/year makes the membership worth the price, but as a more casual shopper, I'll stick to randomly popping in and paying in full.

I like how well organized the store is for different countries and regions, and unlike many other ethnic markets here in LV, there are quite a few home furnishing items (décor, utensils and dishes, trinkets) in addition to the food.

Produce section can be hit or miss depending on what you're looking for but the fish market section is the highlight for me, personally- in addition to the (limited) live fish and lobster selection, they have the usual varieties on ice as well as pre-packed cut portions and a deli-style counter where you can order poke! Downside, the shoyu I purchased was ever so slightly off in flavor and the fish itself was tough.
The dairy section also stocks my favorite brined Bulgarian feta- look for the square metal tin with the sheep on the label.

With family from Russa, I was  looking for some items specific to that cuisine that I simply did not find. The place is huge, so it's entirely possible that I missed the section, but I pretty thoroughly checked the frozen section and was bummed not to find a selection of pelmini."
"I like the concept enough but the execution needs tightening and until everything is a bit better,  the pricing is higher than warranted even for what you might be able to argue is a novelty product. Location is in the end of an awkward strip center (particularly if you're coming north), service was friendly enough, being able to customize your order online is convenient.

LIKES: You can pick the bun (GF and lettuce wrap included), burger (so many choices, wagyu was best!) and toppings (eggs, bacon, cheeses) for a truly custom slider experience. There are plenty of sides, and you can even go wild with drink choices thanks to the Coke Freestyle machine, and there are even non-slider options for those who want to go big with regular-sized sandos. Service was nice enough, bar seating for solo diners and booths for groups.  Seems like they thought of nearly everything.

DISLIKES: All burgers were on the dry side, both in terms of meat temp (despite specifying MR) and the fact that none of the sliders include condiments? They're on the tables but you're SOL if you get takeout. You can add specialty sauces (garlic was good!) to your order for a fifty-cent charge, which is the start of the nickle-and-diming. I understand the premium topping surcharges, but the half-sliver of avocado I got is comical. Both wheat and white buns were dense, 2 burger combo should be sufficient for most. Opted for half and half sides with Burgerim fries (plain coin-cut) and onion rings, neither of which was seasoned, but the kicker is the $3.50 split charge which should have warranted an entire additional side rather than the TWO onion rings I actually received. My order was over $20 and I only finished one slider. I came from the gym so it wasn't due to lack of appetite.

TIP: Order with the in-app Eat24 system so you can use discount codes."
"Cool concept, great location for Red Rock hikers, and another place to hit up for healthy food choices make me want to me a fan of this place- but the food was a little on the bland side.

Went in with the BF for lunch- Heather was super sweet and friendly, and seated us immediately and showed us how to work the tablets to place our order. 
Shared the shrimp bowl and the kale and beet salad (added steak). I preferred the bowl, which was layered with quinoa (brown rice was another menu option), veggies, and shrimp, with a lemon sauce and mint. Initial impression was that the dish was very watery, but it had good flavor to it.  the lemon flavor and the mint/basil in the bottom of the dish worked well together. Flavor was light and borderline bland- saw many guys around the dining room dousing their food in hot sauce, seems to be an issue for many dishes.
The salad was okay: considering the word ""beet"" was used in the name, i expected a slightly more plentiful portion of it. Salad also consisted of apple and walnut,  we added on steak for an extra $4 charge. Steak itself was dry and overcooked, portion wasn't worth $4. Salad also came with an interesting herbal dressing, but there was very little of it, rendering this salad fairly dry, which is why it wasn't as liked as the bowl above.

Pricing overall was relatively fair, $10 per dish including our add-ons, but the salad was disappointing. This place seemed to be marketed more towards vegans/vegetarians, but really, most restaurants have salads and wraps and the occasional tofu dish that they can access- I hope they add a few more adventurous dishes to the menu once they settle in.

Might come back to try other options like the BLT chop salad or wrap, or maybe a sandwich, but overall I was a little underwhelmed."
"Until our hockey team gets here, the 51s are Vegas' only option for pro sports- but a great option for local families. Tickets are cheap, all seats have a great view, and there's a variety of overpriced concessions to knock out your junk food cravings.

My favorite part of seeing a game is interacting with Cosmo, the alien(?) mascot. He's always down for a photo and great with the kids, he always lets the littles win the race around the bases!

TIP: Bring cash for parking or plan to walk from the nearby library lot."
"The mama deer in Bambi famously said, ""If you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all."" My own mama's version of this phrase was to say, ""If you can't do brisket right, don't do it at all."" Maybe that's why she never left Texas, it's pretty hard to find it done right anywhere else.

But Cody does! To be fair, he learned from a guy who was from Texas, and it shows. The brisket here doesn't even need barbecue sauce, it's so moist and flavorful on it's own with a nice crust of spices. I'd come back here and just get brisket!

The pulled pork was runner-up for best meat, but the pulled chicken was dry. Sides of mac and cheese and baked beans were not noteworthy, meals also come with a roll and drink.

Located within the Hard Hat Lounge, the open kitchen is quick and organized, and there's a smoker out front that smells amazing. Outdoor patio seating if you want to stick around and chow down."
"When working on the east side, this is the grocery that is easiest to pop into to grab what I need for the week- their proteins aren't always the freshest (use them day of purchase or freeze within 48hrs), but their produce is usually cheap and fresh. The bakery has great quality and pricing (pan dulce ftw!), but I usually stick to the produce and various household items. I like how they have fresh juices and traditional music playing, as well as a taqueria on site for when you're just too exhausted to cook after shopping. Service is fairly friendly and helpful but knowing some basic Spanish will definitely help you."
"I'm usually a huge fan of this chain but my last few visits to this particular location have been underwhelming- their smashed-to-perfection patties have been dismally overcooked to beyond medium both times I've chosen them over competitors recently.

Favorite burgers here include the stellar truffle mushroom swiss and a distant second-choice in the spinach and goat cheese. Love that all burgers can be made into a salad, which gives a surprisingly healthy option at a burger chain- the salads here are fresh and huge instead of an obligatory afterthought as at other burger places.

Staff is friendly, location seems to do well being positioned across from a college."
"I had high hopes for this place- tried to go yesterday but they were closed (they always are on Monday), and when I went in today it was to order the oxtail soup, as advertised on a sign in their window (they didn't even have it).

But my BF is the thai expert. Ordered  Fishcakes app, papaya salad, and the basil garlic shrimp stir fry with bell peppers. There was only one other table during our visit and it took nearly half an hour to receive our food. I'll start with the positive.

The fishcakes were great- not too greasy, thick and flavorful, with a delightful cucumber salad sauce that I adore. Well priced at about $6.

It was downhill from there.
Papaya salad had no discernible papaya in it. There was a white, shredded substance that almost appeared to be bean sprouts and had no flavor. We were told that was the papaya. Um, no go, bro- plus it was packed with heat, even at ordering a level 2, to the point that it was not enjoyable to eat. 

Then the stir fry arrived. There were several shrimp in the dish, and I could visibly see basil and bell pepper in a dark red sauce. But the bell peppers were raw, and the sauce was devoid of any flavor other than spice- no garlic, no balance. The entree itself was served on a plate, so the sauce was all over the bottom of the dish and impossible to spoon onto the rice, making it difficult to eat- then again, so did the heat and lack of flavor.
This is one of the only dishes in my life I have sent back.

One star for the fishcakes, and because the server brought out the cook, who was apologetic and friendly, and offered repeatedly to remake the dish to tone down the sauce and cook the bell pepper. We had no interest, but he was polite and insistent, so we took him up on remaking the dish and taking it to go.
EDIT: tried the remade dish, and the sauce is still the same, the bellpepper is cooked, but now the shrimp is overcooked and dry. So disappointed.

Our bad experience doesn't end there, though.
As we left, we were approached in the parking lot by another diner who had left and waited for us... To see if our dining experience was as bad as his was! Not a good sign, at all. 

The cook, friendly and polite though he is, needs to consider being front of house or management- cooking is not his strength. And as a personal preference, maybe find a different server/host who isn't wearing a Mickey Mouse shirt and playing on the computer for our entire visit."
"Torn between two and three stars: one of the less efficient Walgreens.
Pharmacy staff is generally on it, and my 'scripts are ready when quoted, but they don't always take the initiative to actually help you when you're waiting right in front of the cashier (or in the drive thru) without being prompted.

For a pharmacy, I expected to find more than one option when looking for B1 vitamins, and the fact that the majority of their multis start at the $18 price range was ridiculous- this isn't the Vitamin Shoppe or GNC.

This location does have a Redbox on the east side of the building exterior."
"I go to so many FedEx office locations these days for work that I really ought to consider just buying a printer/fax/scanner of my own. This place gets it done in a pinch though.

Large location, easy to find what you need. Not sure how easy it would be to get help if I needed it though- location is busy and seems a little understaffed. Have been in three times now and have never been greeted or offered help, or addressed at all, by any employees.

Working machines can be found but it seems like this location has a few desktops that are down, and 2/3 fax machines are marked as out of service."
"I love a clever name, and the styled-up mannequins were a nice touch too! As others have mentioned, this is an exceptionally clean thrift store. I also like how someone took the time to label the bookshelves and organize that section. But that must have been a ways back, because the books don't correspond with the labels any more and everything is just shoved into random places.

Clothing organized and labeled by size, with reasonable prices. Selection isn't particularly large, and is of typical thrift store quality. There are some goodies to be found though, and that's the fun of thrift stores! Large shoe selection in particular.

Saw two employees present and busy while I was browsing. Good to see productive employees, but found it odd that the employees never spoke to any of the customers present."
"Are you hungry enough for a knuckle sandwich? Well, come and get it!
The restaurant name is literal: there are only seven sandwiches on their menu. On the bright side, the portion sizes are huge and the prices are low, so they definitely picked the right location across the street from UNLV. I can see this being a huge hit with students with limited income. 

The knuckle sandwich contains grilled salami, pepperoni, and ham with melted mozarella, topped with what appears to be a small salad of lettuce, tomato, and champagne vinaigrette. I actually really enjoyed the salad part, which was fresh and helped offset the overall heaviness of the sandwich and also the overwhelming saltiness. Perhaps leaving the salami fresh may help with that? Sandwiches come with a choice of side- the ""stack o chips"" are coin-cut fries with a seasoning that was also fairly salty.  Might be a good idea to move the soda fountain to the dining room instead of behind the counter.

Service was quick and fast and the location has plenty of seating. Note that they close at 5PM daily, so unless you're a senior (citizen), it's likely a lunch-only option. The Italian Chick-en Vegas seems to be their most popular option, will try it when in the area again."
"Ever since I started to use my PS3 for gaming rather than just as a way to connect to Netflix, Hulu, Amazon, etc, this has been my go-to location for games. I only buy used and this location has a decent selection at a price I like, and several sales. The staff are usually pretty good at making recommendations, too. This location is small but organized. Majority of stock is merch like Pops figurines and t-shirts, gifts, etc. 

Have had a couple of stock issues, where I call ahead and they say something is there and then it isn't when I arrive. Staff openly state that the computer counts are famously inaccurate. It's not wildly out of my way, but the inconvenience of being redirected to the Meadows or Rainbow locations is frustrating- luckily they're closeby."
"Small location in a run down shopping center, next door to a Salvation Army. Went in to get a new CPAP hose for my BF. Initially didn't see any but asked the lone employee, and he found a box of the, on a bottom shelf of a rack of stuff.

Not much is organized or labelled here, things  are kind of just thrown around  so definitely ask for what you're looking for. Pricing was okay- can find the same product cheaper online, but liked. It having to wait on a shipment. Also, the box has ""sale $19.99"" written on the side, and it was honored despite the $26 price tag on the hose package itself, so that was cool."
"Decent lunch stop for this area- Crab Corner and Burger Lab were both closed at 11AM on a Monday, so eventually found myself here with coworkers. Unclear whether there is typically table service (as we received) or if it's a walk-up order place (as a customer after us did). Much of their business is delivery and take-out/pickup. 

Service was okay but not personable or attentive; drinks not refilled, orders came out slow and one at a time, eventually the cook brought them out after noticing they were sitting on the counter as waiter took a lengthy phone order.

Menu is extensive: pizza, chicken wings/tenders, salads, burgers, hot and cold sandwiches, gyros, and about 10 $7 lunch specials. Most of group got lunch specials- I opted for buffalo chicken salad ($9), portions for all were huge and no one actually finished. Best value was 1 topping small pizza and drink.

Salad I ordered was large, portion of chicken was large too, but there was way too much wing sauce puddling in the vegetables rather than being able to really use the salad dressing (bleu cheese). Filling and fresh."
"Romantic, secluded location on Lake Jacqueline plus fantastic flavors and plating plus attentive service equals a pretty and phenomenal dining experience at Americana. The menu spans steakhouse classics and fresh seafood, with innovative seasonal appetizers. 

I highly recommend the tasting menu- $85/pp for 5 courses allows you to taste several of their best dishes; adding on the $25 wine pairing is an excellent choice too. Our server let us know that one person can order the tasting menu without the whole table being required to participate, which I appreciate. My guy opted for separate dishes.

Oyster amuse was fresh and briny, paired well with a prosecco. The pear and proscuitto salad was light with a great, sweet dressing. The Japanese Kampachi sashimi was some of the best I've had, with a great presentation (that I unfortunately didn't get a photo of!) of citrus, ponzu sauce, and super-fresh fish, similar to yellowtail or amberjack. The pair of Nantucket scallops with truffle risotto and carrot puree was fresh and understated, paired well with a chardonnay. Smoked venison tenderloin was the highlight, served in a covered dish trapping the smoke inside and paired with a robust California cab.  Good portion size, great flavor in the meat. The chocolate-peanut butter dessert bar was also a winner, reminiscent of something I might find at Yonaka, another favorite date night spot. $110 for the meal and pairing was a great value, and one I'll be coming back for seasonally as the menu changes.

My guy opted for the Golden Truffle Egg Salad, which was as tasty as it was difficult to photograph. The nutty dressing and cured ham harmonized nicely with the truffle accents and fresh produce. The parsnip soup was velvety-smooth with beet accents. The Crispy-Skinned Petaluma Chicken was a great dish, perfectly crispy and flavorful skin. I really enjoyed the potatoes this is served with, too. We added on a cappuccino and the lemon tart dessert at the suggestion of our server- the tartness of the pastry and the bold coffee went well together, good ending to our dining experience. We were additionally surprised by complementary macarons, which were a great mocha flavor. 

Service throughout was attentive without being stuffy. Though the food quality and ambiance are upscale, there's also a more laid back vibe that I enjoyed. I am looking forward to visiting again with friends for brunch, and seasonally to treat ourselves to Chef Blandino's dishes for a great date night."
"Much like Fix8 Fitness Café in Henderson, this is a spot that focuses on real food prepared with flavor- bonus points for making it so easy to customize for a low-carb diet! Food is fresh, staff is friendly, and they have a sauce bar with 10 different options to add to your dish.

The Bento Box is my go-to, with the choice of two proteins and two sides. The chicken is far from standard here, and the ample portion has a nice grilled char to it. Even better than that is the garlic shrimp, which is well worth the surcharge- almost as good as making it myself! As for the sides: grilled veggies have good variety and I love the dressing on the side salad.

If you're tired of cooking healthy at home, branch out and try Volcano Grille! Once you find the dish you like, it'll be hard to resist coming back frequently. I'll be back to try the gyoza and tofu!"
"Lychee lemonade and fried chicken- island style!
I've been stalking this place since their signage went up in the Trader Joe's plaza months ago- they finally opened to the public today! Mochiko chicken is a Japanese-Hawaiian fried chicken that is marinated for 24 hours and breaded in sweet rice flour prior to frying. (According to Wikipedia)

Menu offers a few plates, bowls, and salads-  basic menu with different dipping sauces and a la carte chicken options. Ordered The Cali plate: two pieces of chicken, fries and coleslaw, with a Hawaiian roll and a drink. Interior is minimalist and modern with neutral colors, save for a beach painting on one wall.

The fried chicken here tastes more baked than fried, and has a slight sweetness with good crunch and a very fine breading. Dipping sauce was light yet flavorful. Fries are lightly seasoned, similar to a Cajun style. Coleslaw is not mayo-based which automatically made me like it over other varieties, and roll was soft and sweet.

But what really makes them stand out are the service and the lychee lemonade- Sandra was super friendly and upbeat, running the counter and telling me about the company. As for the beverage? It has the sweetness of lychee with the slight tartness of lemon, I would probably bathe myself in this delicious drink. Be sure to get it when you go!"
"Very mixed feelings- I've been to their East side location and liked their large selection and low prices, but felt their quality and service were lacking. Here, it's almost opposite. They have two small store spaces, one for seasonal goods and the other for more upscale product, and both feature more carefully-selected stock. The main showroom in particular has an almost curated feel to it, of coordinating decor items that are on trend.
But now prices are hiked up with the new location- $75 for a glass vase, $25 for a decorative Christmas tree plate, and several items that are not priced at all but I'm almost afraid to ask. But some items are solid and stylish, and high priced but still appropriate, like that huge $90 candle holder display piece I want. Like any thrift store, it's a mixed bag but at least at this location you're getting a higher product?"
"The double order of El Paso taquitos will be the highlight of your day. Crisp yet saturated in sauce, messy  by the end of the meal but on point in flavor.

The barbacoa, on either a burrito or a taco, will make you miss home. Throw on some cilantro and onions from the salsa bar before you take it to go and try not to cry as you eat: not only is it perfectly soft, it's also full of flavor, unlike other places.

Surprise menu hit: the turkey neck! Ordered it as a torta but my order was received wrong as a ""side"" in a taco, but the cut of meat is still perfectly flavorful and fatty and fried fresh.  Probably best as a torta, will have to order it again.

 For the reviewer who said it's inauthentic to use yellow cheese: we're talking about  hood border food, not the meal you got while at a resort in Cancun, don't let the door hit you on the way out!"
"The exterior signage is still up for Dang Dee, but management and ownership have changed. You'll still encounter the same sweet server and great food, thankfully. Menu has a huge variety of curry, noodle, and rice dishes. Seek out their specials though, and you'll luck upon some really great stuff.

My favorite dish here so far is the Garlic with Coconut Milk- it's a creamy stir fry with tons of mushrooms, served atop cabbage. If there's any such thing as a low carb Thai dish, this is probably it, and it's so delicious! I order this with brown rice and tofu, and it makes two meals. The creamy, garlicky sauce is super rich and flavorful, and the vegetables are nicely softened. Next up, I'll be trying their Khao Mun Gai- a Thai take on Hainanese chicken and rice!"
"Originally planned to surprise the BF with a trip here (he's a huge Conant fan) but we ended up taking visiting family their last night in town. Service was on point throughout visit, décor and ambiance are classy and modern while still comfortable, and food lived up to our expectations and then some. 

ROASTED BONE MARROW with horseradish: not the best I've had but oh so good, great start to our meal
FRIED ASCOLANI OLIVES: surprisingly good, crispy and not too salty, snackable
ARANCINI with tomato and mozzarella, comforting flavor and generous portion

DOCG SALAD: shared among the table, soppressata and bleu went well with the fresh produce
PICI with duck sauce and black truffles: rich as hell, definitely something worth trying but only order if you can share with a few people
FETTUCINI with roasted garlic, escarole, and mushrooms: favorite pasta, fragrant and light but full of flavor. MUST ORDER.

BRANZINO with farro, eggplant, and salsa verde: great version of this fish, nice crispy skin, heads up that accompaniments were on the spicy side
24-HOUR BRAISED SHORTRIB: succulent, savory dish with potato puree and vegetables
COLORADO LAMB T-BONES: would get this again in a heartbeat, great cut and spot on flavor

SALTED CARAMEL BUNDINO: don't bother coming here if you don't get this dish, it was probably my favorite dessert of the entire year, no joke. MUST ORDER.
CHOCOLATE MOUSSE with espresso brownies and cookie dough: signature chocolate lover dessert option, didn't stand out to me
TIRAMISU: worth trying at any legit Italian place, the coffee gelato was a nice touch

Wines selected were the Cab and Malbec by the glass- both were great, but by the glass selection is small. If your group can agree on a specific type of wine, best to go by the bottle here, amazing selection but definitely not for those on a budget.

Fabulous family dinner helped to redeem us after an unpleasant dining experience at MGM the night before. The Cosmopolitan has some amazing restaurants but this is definitely a place we'll return to."
"Luckily I wasn't here for an emergency...
Came in late one night looking for the sleep clinic. It was around 10-11PM and I entered through the only lighted entrance, the emergency department.  I figured I could find it myself using a map or posted signage, assuming the place would be busy.

There was no signage. There were no maps. It was not busy. Yet no one asked me if I needed help, no one  even looked up when I was walking around, and when I finally asked for assistance, no one knew where the lab was. Eventually I found an elevator and the lab was listed on the directory for an upper floor. 

I am grateful that I did not need medical attention here, because if the staff are this incompetent at simple tasks I'd hate to be at their mercy with a real problem. Maybe if I came in an ambulance or with a visible wound, I would have been attended to.. but bedside manner is comparable to customer service, and the night staff here seem to be lacking in that regard."
"I was super bummed to see that Cheerful House had closed, but Saino quietly opened in their space and their tasty food and attentive service make them a favorable replacement. Lunch is a super-cheap $10/pp for a selection of about 5 vegetarian and 5 carnivorous entree options, two choices of rice, and a fresh bar of vegetables and condiments. 

Selection may be a bit small compared to other spots in town, but these guys do everything well- the goat curry was easily the most meaty version I've found even including a la carte ordering, their raita was uniquely flavorful with fresh herbs, and naan was made fresh for the table. I'm an omnivore, but the palak paneer and gobi aloo are the stuff vegan dreams are made of! I wish they'd add to their appetizer/dessert items- I only found a single samosa and a tiny cup of rice pudding, and was sad not to be able to end my meal with gulab jamun. 

Saino is definitely worth a visit. Signage and decor indicate that they provide Himalayan and Nepalese cuisine but their current offerings seem to be mostly Indian cuisine. 

TIP: check in on the Yelp app for 15% off!"
"Finally made it out here for happy hour, celebrating the end of the school year!
Surprised to see that they only had one other table during our visit, so service was fast.

Ordered a Dogfishhead IPA ($3 off during HH), and each of the following dishes for a mere $5 each: bruschetta appetizer, warm beets ""snack"", and the Margherita and Vico mini pizzas. For $25 before tip, this was a filling but light early dinner.

The apps were delish: bruschetta is my BF's favorite, and here the crostini is topped with bacon and there's a side of pesto for extra flavor, too. The warm beets were divine and flavorful, served in a mini cast-iron dish and topped with peanuts. 

The mini pizzas weren't that mini- don't know the size compares with their usual since this was our first visit, but server let us know that the usual pizzas are 12"" and intended to be an individual size due to the thinness of the crust style. Ordering two mini pizzas (maybe 8""?) was enough for us to share without feeling like we were going to explode afterward.

Margherita style was my favorite, as the classic tomato-and-cheese combo is just what I naturally crave when I think of pizza, and I love the complementary flavors of fresh basil.
BF preferred the Vico, with sausage, fennel, mozzarella, moscarpone, and red onions- quality ingredients and good depth of flavor. While he liked this topping combination better, my dude simply didn't love the thin, wet crust style served here and it may be tricky to get him back in.

Will be coming back soon to try the Moscow Mule cocktail and the Emilia pizza- possibly on my own!"
"If you want soul food in Vegas, you only have a few options- Angie's fell a bit short of my expectations, but I was spoiled by a childhood in the south. Location is small, mostly takeout, and not in the best of neighborhoods, but service is as sweet as your own grandma.

SMOTHERED PORK CHOPS: Well, the chop was good, but they forgot to smother it. Since this was takeout, I didn't find out til I got home across town. Mac and cabbage sides were both fairly good and clearly homemade, but I'm really bummed about the mistake with the porkchop, as it's my favorite southern dish.
SPARE RIB DINNER: Ribs were mostly fat but I really liked the sauce used. Sides of black eyed peas and mashed potatoes were both kind of off, peas were very heavily seasoned and potatoes barely had any gravy (maybe they were running out?) and texture was gummy.
WINGS: They sell full size wings here, and my guy really enjoyed them. They're not sauced, just fried. Boxed to go on top of a bed of super-greasy broken fries, like the bottom of the basket when no one wants to make more. 
BANANA PUDDING: Ordered one and got one free, which was nice of them. Tasted just like my mom used to make it, simple and delicious. 

This place has a lot of promise, but some dishes were significantly better than others. Maybe they should tighten up the menu and drop some things they aren't executing as well. I don't come around this side of town often, but I'll try to keep this spot in mind for another visit for the smothered chops... and I'll check my order before leaving."
"Decent dessert option in Town Square.
Had about ten different flavors available when I went- minus a star for selection, as there was a giant standing poster advertising featured seasonal flavors, but NONE of them were available here. So weird. Why have up advertising for products you don't have?

Opted for pecan praline and taro. Topped with lychee and strawberries. Appreciated topping labels above the sneeze guard. Employee was polite and informed me of their loyalty card program to be used in conjunction with the gift card I paid with."
"Taxidermied animals, a product display table made out of a motorcycle, and a giant American flag give this spot a cool blue-collar aesthetic that reminds me of Austin, except without the asshole hipsters and BO. Use the Yelp address to find free 2 hour parking, then go around the building to find the entrance.

Had I just walked by, I would have thought this masculine-industrial space was a barbershop, exclusively shearing the males of Vegas. My regular hair stylist, Tayler, recently moved here. She's the only one I trust with my tresses. 

The salon takes walk-ins and sells an interesting variety of products, from beard balms and various grooming goods for guys to a long line of EOS conditioners. Come here the next time your 'do needs some attention- Tayler is the boss of blondes, tell her I sent you."
"Friendly service, mediocre food. With such close proximity to Chinatown, there's really no reason to stop here when better choices are a block away. Simple setup, Americanized dishes, relatively low prices, $15 limited-area delivery minimum.

The beef & broccoli consists of a little beef, a bit of broccoli, and, inexplicably, a lot of carrots and mushrooms as filler? I like mushrooms but really don't care for carrots, this was an unpleasant surprise. Sauce was decently flavored but on the watery side. Portion for price wasn't as great of a value as I had anticipated.

Wor Won Ton Soup was incredibly disappointing. Takeout container is packed with tons of chicken, some shrimp, and a lot of fresh produce, and the won ton skins held up well. But the broth is unforgivably weak and flavorless! 

Rice To Go (cheesy name and all) is a far better option for quick, takeout Chinese with better selection and quality, get thee to Decatur & Spring Mountain instead."
"Inside the Chinatown mall is this ""bookstore"". They do have books, but majority of stock is Asian décor (including tons of New Years party supplies) and small toys. Only saw Japanese books, but they do have a large selection of blank journals and Hello Kitty merchandise. Lots of ""YOU ARE BEING RECORDED!"" security signs around, kind of a turnoff. Several phone covers, water bottles/theromoses and action figures."
"I became a fan of this place when I lived in CA for six months- right before they were bought out and started shutting down locations left and right. I gave up hope of ever eating their sweet onion cashews ever again when we moved to LV.
And then I randomly drove past one and nearly crashed my car craning my neck to see if they were open or not.

Later, I safely drove myself to this location.
And hallelujah- the great prices and fresh food are back in my life! 

There are several signs up stating that the clearance products are now in their original departments with new pricing stickers rather than sequestered to a specific area of the store- wonder if this is due more to their lack of staff or to increase likelihood of clearance food actually selling?
Either way, I'm pretty sure every single thing I bought was on clearance- bag salad kits, taco-chili seasoned chicken breast, a supreme pizza, various oven- and stove-ready vegetable dishes, and even a baking sheet I'm in need of since our move. All for the treasure-trove price of $21. This is why I F&E.

There is signage out front indicating that this location recently changed their hours to be open 24/7- which is awesome! Now I just need to buddy up to staff and find out when they do their markdowns."
"+1 Green chile everywhere, on everything!
+1 Menu has Frito Pie and Indian Fry Bread
+1 Sunday special is BOGO breakfast burritos
+1 they serve beer and margaritas too

This place deserves a second location, it's that good... and that busy! The food is stick-to-your-ribs good, so definitely come on a cheat day. There's cheese on everything, and gigantic portions, so you're not getting out of here under a thousand calories.

Menu has a good amount of variety but my favorite is the stuffed sopapilla (pork verde please!) topped with the green chile. The Santa Fe Slider is a fairly unique offering, consisting of a slider-size burger patty folded into a tortilla and topped with green chile relish, spicy mayo, and cheese."
"Vegas appears to be getting a new wave of boba joints, Infused Tea Lounge among them. The teas are pretty good, and I like how they offer a range of specialty house teas rather than just a massive menu or one focused entirely on milk tea beverages- they have a good variety.

The Matcha Lover is my go-to, and the sweetness level is fine as-is. Their Dark Knight (oolong with jelly) is also a solid option, with a stronger tea flavor than other shops. The Rose Garden is a friend's favorite that I'll be going back to try soon. ITL is out of my way, but their loyalty program and text coupons are nicely timed to lure me in or at least keep them on my mind.

EDIT: Downgrading by a star. Staff is still friendly but as I make my way through the menu, I am less than enthusiastic. The mangonada was nearly undrinkable, and the peach tea was very plain when not adding extra flavors or sweeteners."
"I don't understand how people say this is one of the better WalMarts- interior is exactly the same as any other, perhaps with a bit more selection, but I encountered a problem before I even entered the store today.

A gentleman was walking around a black Camaro in the parking lot, trying all of the doors, then busted out a pocket knife to try to pry the driver's side door open. He continued his efforts to break into this car, in broad day light on a weekday lunch time, despite me pulling directly into the empty spot next to him, and staring right at him as I placed a phone call- not deterred in the least.

No sign of security in the lot or around the exterior of the building. No  attention paid to him by any other customers in the parking lot. Everyone is completely out for themselves and has no problem doing whatever they want. Surprised I haven't seen blatant shoplifting inside this location, given the behavior outside of it. I'll keep going out of my way to the nearby (but still rundown and still much safer) Target."
"Four or possibly four and  a half stars for the pizza quality, which is what you come here for anyway. Went in today at 5:30PM and dined on the patio- it was a gorgeous and breezy day, perfect for alfresco wine and pizza with my guy before he went off for the night shift.

Had difficulty selecting a wine, server suggested a flight with three of their reserved wines in smaller pours. Sounded good, so we went for it and really enjoyed the presentation with the printed descriptions of each glass as a placemat. 
First wine was light and to my liking, second was my guy's favorite- fuller bodied and reminiscent of a cab, but the third was overwhelmingly acidic and we did not drink it.

Ordered the Miala Bolognese pizza, romana style, at our server's suggestion (pork ragu, san marzano tomato, bufala mozzarella, basil, caramelized onion, clabrian pepper)- very hearty with just a bit of spice, amazing cheese. Roman style crust was thin, crispy, and crackly, but still firm. The combination of tomatoes and cheese and crust was spectacular- made me very curious to try the margherita.
Unfortunately the pork was on the dry side, but it was still surprisingly flavorful and did not detract from the other elements of the dish- kind of an impressive feat. Pork itself was also notably not fatty, getting it's flavor from quality.

Then we got the bill- just under $20 for an artisan-style pizza with high quality toppings, not bad. But the wine flight, not listed on the menu or mentioned in price by the server who suggested it, was a surprisingly high $36, for 9 oz- only 6 of which we even drank. Had I known the flight was equivalent to three entire glasses of wine, I would have chosen from the menu and had one large glass of a wine I DID like rather than merely sips, and leaving an entire glass behind unfinished.

It wasn't until I pulled up the business page on Yelp that I noticed we were there smack-dab in the middle of happy hour- from 4:30 to 6:30, FYI, and yet no one we interacted with, from the bartender, to the host, to the server, ever bothered to mention it or drop off a menu of their featured specials.
Not sure what is to blame for this oversight- would have much rather had the goat cheese appetizer and a single glass of wine with my pizza, had I known about the HH specials or the actual price of my wine flight. This should be mentioned when suggesting it to other diners in the future.

TL;DR: Pizza is sublime and delicious, star subtracted for lack of transparency with pricing of wine flight suggested by server."
"I've heard of this place and even driven by, but I'd never been in til they had the Waffle Love food truck in their parking lot. I placed my order then went in to browse and was pleasantly surprised!

Other reviews mention antiques and vintage, and I had a totally different impression about this place than the reality: kitchen dishes, decor items, and lots of wall art, reminiscent of Pinterest with a country twist. Think cotton branches, weathered wood, and at least three different versions of ""I love you to the moon and back"" printed on pallets. It's not my personal style, but I did really like the selection.

Grabbed a couple of bath bombs for myself and will probably go back for gift items like decorative salt and pepper shakers and jewelry. Lots of the items are also geared toward moms, so if you're pregnant, don't be surprised if my baby shower gift to you comes in an AU bag!"
"All the DIY quick-fire pizza spots tend to blend together for me, but I've had positive experiences at this Blaze. They're located in the same plaza as Sprouts, so after double ad Wednesdays I'm too drained to actually cook the groceries I just bought so I often pop in here. I'm only half kidding.

You can get a plain cheese pizza, one topping, 2 toppings, or DIY (~$8) with everything you want. Multiple crust options and GF/vegan available, along with side salads and desserts. The original crust here is comparable to the regular one at Pizza Rev, but the toppings are applied a bit lighter here. I do like how they have add-ons like arugula or various drizzles (pesto, buffalo, ranch) after your pie gets out of the oven. Portion is more than enough for one meal and service along the line is friendly, shout out to Sukari!

TIP: Download the app for discounts and freebies. In a month, I've already gotten three offers (bogo, free drink, free dessert)."
"KBBQ is not one of the foods I crave. However, I have tons of friends who do, so eventually I get dragged out to most of the major places in town. Gen's new west side location finally warranted a visit, as the new location eliminates the hassle of hiking out to Henderson.

I love this building and have watched it go through three other restaurants over the past few years. Gen feels like the best fit so far, and the clubby lighting isn't as off putting as I normally find it. Space is large, several seating options, plenty of larger tables for groups, $22/pp is more than reasonable for what you'll get here.

The menu is pretty huge, as are the portions. Come with a group or after a day of fasting for the biggest bang for your buck. The banchan were plentiful not quite as great as my favorite spot, but the meat is definitely swoon-worthy: platters of pork belly in several different styles (red-wine marinated being my fave), beautiful towers of rolled brisket, and my personal favorite, the garlic calamari. I haven't even had all they offer across a couple of visits, there are so many choices. Save room for macaron ice cream sandwiches for dessert. I'd rather allocate space for that than drinking, but they have a huge bar menu too if you're into that sort of thing.

Shout to the super attentive staff who are on top of drink refills, always asking what they can bring you next, change out the grill before I even think it's needed, and just generally have a good attitude, no matter who I've had so far."
"Don't get it twisted, the food here is super fresh but it's only as healthy as you make it- some items here are better than others, don't expect to get a bangin' body by eating the peanut butter acai bowl three times a week. Use your common sense, or reference their nutrition guide if you're having difficulty ordering. 

The menu spans healthy to indulgent, but I especially appreciate that the food they serve is tasty. The smoothies aren't chalky and the bowls aren't bland, and if you want ""real food"" they also have panini sandwiches too. Prices are reasonable for the portion and quality, and they do offer combo options and seasonal specials. Check their social media for discounts like their current weekday afternoon happy hour!

NOTE;  Portion size for bowls varies if you dine in vs get takeout- the metal dine-in bowls are larger, which is a better value, but if you lack self-control at stopping when you're full rather when you're out of food, you might want to opt for takeout."
"Four stars for tasty poke, two stars for my poke bowl experience, average to 3 stars.
I love a good poke, and appreciate that I can try several types here, and the Chinatown location is super convenient. In addition to poke, shop has Hawaii memorabilia and some clothing items.

Love the fresh-made spicy garlic poke, ordered it as a bowl for lunch, $10- the rice was steaming hot and began cooking some of the poke, unfortunately. Additionally, my bowl was 90% rice with a layer of one-fish-piece-depth poke, which I felt was a little stingy. Bowl was oddly served with soy sauce packets, but I quickly discovered while: the rice is plain white rice with no flavoring, in the past I've had bowls with rice and also cabbage, with the poke liquid to flavor it. Proportions were off and rice quickly got clumpy and boring.

Will come back for poke, but I'll stick to a quarter pound rather than ordering a bowl."
"Didn't see the name posted anywhere on the vehicle, but the address is correct and the pictures look like the right truck: parked right between the convenience store and Luv It's walk-up window is this business.

Menu is written on the windows, serving up fresh-made Mexican classics like $5.50 burritos, three-packs of tacos, and every tasty meat you crave when you think of the barrio. The quesadilla is a bit pricey at $6 for 4 pieces, opted for lengua and it wasn't as plentiful as I'd like for the price but what was there was tender and tasty. The green salsa is my favorite of the available options.

Service was friendly, food was made fresh and quick, and I'd keep it in mind if I'm in the area late at night- didn't see hours posted but they appeared to just be getting started when I swung by around 8:30PM."
"Decent sushi, but not my favorite. I don't really get the rave reviews. The majority of sushi spots in Vegas are AYCE- and I'm fine going to a place that isn't, but the expectation is that the quality is higher. And while the presentation and service were good, the actual quality of product and freshness of fish seemed average.

When ordering takeout, this spot is great about carefully packing up your order so each roll has it's accompanying sauces alongside- this allows you to control how much is used and prevents the rice from getting soggy on your ride home! 

Menu features a wide range of specialty sushi rolls, and some grilled items and apps as well. Nigiri oddly did not seem to to be that common here. The Kai roll was recommended by staff and the best of what we tried. 

NOTE: Takeout rolls noticeably smaller than what is received dining in."
"F&F Sahara and F&F DTLV are distinctly different- I find that I prefer the other location and am anxiously awaiting it's reopening. I've been to this location a couple of times and I'm happy to have it available and it's been great to try an expanded menu of dishes, but the quality of food and service have not been on par with the original. 

FOOD PROS: First timers definitely have to get the classic Hainese chicken and rice. That glutenous rice is one of my favorite things in life, it is so flavorful. Add on the Chinese sausage. Most recently, the bang bang noodles were a hit dish recommended by our server- would totally get these again! I love khao soi and the chicken laksa is a similar dish that was decent but not excellent, great for cooler days. 

FOOD CONS: Menu was recently changed up, so the son in law eggs I wanted to get are gone and they added a ""black garlic hummus"" that didn't really work with a strange texture but great scallion pancakes. The chicken wings were disappointing for a place named for their chicken- bland in flavor, thick batter, sauces just okay.  Dessert offerings have been expanded but remain underwhelming- overly sweet skillet cookie, average cheesecake, not their forte so get an extra app instead. 

SERVICE/LOCATION: Hit or miss across the board. Twice we started with a great server and were later passed off to someone else who was less competent. First visit, no one knew what the daily vegetable was, then what we were served wasn't what we were told, and it was never addressed. However, most recently, Gino was great with a friendly attitude and several suggestions. Payment is by ipad, with someone watching you like a hawk as you key in the tip. Expect paid parking. Focus of menu and service on most recent visit seems to be on bar and I'm not a drinker so maybe I'm just not the target audience?

I'm more likely to return to the Sahara location over this one but am optimistic that things may improve, especially given their seasonal menu changes and a rumor that bao will be back soon. When the food is great, it's exceptional, but the expanded menu has too many misses for me. 

TIP: Go for HH, 3-6PM daily, for half price apps and drink specials!"
"Where do I start with this place?  I haven't found a single place that even begins to compare to the awesome seasoning this place uses.  It is hot and juicy, as the restaurant name suggests, and damn delicious. 

The servers all bear a striking resemblance to Suicide Girls except without the attitude problem. I wish I remembered our girl's name, as she was super friendly and helpful, and even put on some gloves and demonstrated how to most efficiently peel our crawfish for the newbs at the table.

Ordered the crawfish, shrimp, and sausage (which should definitely be combined!) all in the special Hot and Juicy seasoning, medium level, which combines all of their flavors and was amazing. We also went through a basket of crispy cajun fries and added on some crab legs, but I don't remember what kind.

As with most restaurants that serve by the pound, this place can get pricey if you're not careful, but it is so tasty you'll pull out your wallet without a second thought."
"Las Vegas has roughly 5000 delis- this is one of the best.

Half of the building is an upscale restaurant and half is a grocery/deli you can dine in- immediately turn to your right upon entering to to to this section. The other half is basically for upscale dinner-quality dates.

The bakery-deli-grocery has everything you could possibly need from fresh pastas to calamari salad to real canned peeled San Marzano tomatoes for kitchen adventures and more marinated artichokes, olives, and peppers than you can shake a stick at.

Order at the back counter for takeout or dine-in: the first sandwich listed on the ""hot"" page is what you want to get. It's a chicken cutlet with spinach, fresh cheese, and God only knows what else, and it's frickin' amazing.
Runner up is the Sicilian sandwich, the first listed on the ""cold"" page, with ham, Genoa, and mortadella with mozzarella- get it with everything on it. Fresh crunchy veggies, complementary spices and oil, and the freshest and most flavorful meats and cheeses I've yet encountered.  Both sandwiches are made with the freshest, most delightful french roll bread. Oh, and they're frickin' huge. Like half of a single sandwich is an entire meal, huge.

If that's not enough for you, there are two cases of desserts and the service is phenomenal- be sure to get the guy with the thick black-framed glasses, he's delightful! And they have both regular happy hours (3-7PM, daily) and reverse (Mon, Tues, Thurs, 9PM to close) with half price drinks and apps."
"I agree with Melissa C- Silverton is kind of the redheaded stepchild of Vegas casinos. Its too close to the Strip to really be a locals place, but too far from the Strip for most tourists to know about or bother visiting. But it has a surprising amount to offer.

The highlight, of course, is Bass Pro Shops. The hyped-up aquarium is disappointing at best, but you can snag a spot to watch the fish at the Mermaid Lounge, and there's always slots and table games. Guilt gift shop is surprisingly fun to browse, and all of the restaurants seem to have good pricing and HH specials.

Its hard to know who to recommend this place to- but judging by how consistently busy BPS is, it seems the people who would enjoy this place mostly already know about it. Not sure I'd bother with a staycation here, but I love that their sportsbook has comfortable seating and can be relied on for a no-crowds spot to watch the game."
"In a word: incredible. I wasn't expecting much from this steakhouse, tucked away in Bally's without a celebrity chef or known brand. But they really, really deliver. Cozy atmosphere, excellently executed menu, top-notch service.

POPOVERS: A fun version of the usual free bread service, these are delightfully airy with a crisp exterior. They're served with fresh Vermont butter and salt, and you even receive a small card with the recipe. I'll just come back instead of trying to make these myself.
DUCK LIVER PATE: A complimentary dish served to every table, this was served in a small jam jar with two small slices of bread. I like how the richness of the pate was balanced with the sweet jelly on top. An indulgent start to the meal that raised my expectations for the kitchen. 
STEAK TARTARE: It's not the best version I've had on the Strip, but it is delicious! A traditional preparation, plated with nicely crisp country bread, this is a great starter if you don't mind a  steak app before a steak dinner.
BURRATA: A heap of deliciously creamy yet mild mozzarella, surrounded with toy box tomatoes and accented with basil seed vinaigrette and basil leaves. Save your popovers to devour this. Add a touch of the salt from the butter, too.
ROASTED BEETS: Everyone has this on their menu these days, but BLT's comes as a salad with apple, french green beans, gorgonzola, and walnuts. BF called this the best version he's had.
BONE-IN RIB EYE: This was heaven. Cooked and served in cast-iron, it has a thick crust and was cooked perfectly to medium-rare. The fatty bites right next to the bone are the best part, and this is served with the marrow, a tempura-fried onion ring, and a whole roasted garlic bulb. Easily one of the best steaks I've had, and at a shareable 22oz and a wallet-friendly price. After taking the first bite, BF and I knew we would be coming back.
GRILLED LOBSTER: This is a $20 supplemental, and well worth it. Generous portion, served atop the steak, sweet and tender. I'm usually not much of a lobster fan, but I'm glad we decided to add this on.
TRUFFLE MASHED POTATOES: Despite all the rave reviews, this didn't go over so well with us. We like truffle-accented dishes, and we like potatoes, but something about this dish just didn't work. Good, smooth texture but it's the only thing on the table we didn't finish.
MANCHEGO WHITE GRITS: Wow. After leaving the south, it's been difficult to find great grits. Well, here they are, perfectly accented with a tasty green chile relish. I couldn't have asked for better.
BROWNIE BITES: We were too full to order an actual dessert, but were presented with this complimentary plate, and it's perfectly sized for just a hint of sweetness after the meal. 

I feel like I can't fully express what a great find this is- apparently others are catching on, because the dining room was packed on a casual Wednesday evening. I recommend making a reservation if you plan to drop in during dinner hours. 

Snag a Groupon while they're still up ($100 credit for $70), the discount is appealing but totally unnecessary to make me return- the food alone is enough to make this a strong and frequent recommendation when seeking a nice steak dinner on the Strip."
"Not surprised to see this place is closed- a little relieved.
They had a Groupon up, so they were clearly hurting for business. Shit-talking your existing customers generally doesn't encourage more people to give you a try, either: see management's response to Paul G's review. That alone dropped my typical 3-star-mediocre rating to a bottom of the barrel single-star.

Menu is small, not too many specialty rolls and even when you order them they are small. Take out seems to be a hassle for this location but dining in would take a century and a half.

Fish is not the freshest and pricing is on par with places that have better quality. There are so many other places in the city that do sushi better and with more variety, sans an attitude problem.
Good riddance."
"I've been a fan of Marco's Pizza since I lived near one in Texas. The management at this particular location has been great about reaching out and cultivating relationships with local schools- fundraisers, discounts for school orders, etc. and they've been easy to work with.

Their pizza isn't as greasy as other spots, which I really appreciate. Of course, you can cancel that out by asking for their garlic butter crust dip, which I will probably have to use hypnotism in order to avoid in the future. They also offer more than just 'za, with sandwiches, wings, and surprisingly fresh salads. We'll be using Marco's for a department lunch again soon!"
"Prices and portions are a little better than Jamba Juice, and food selection is decent.

Went by late last night, I  got one of their superfood smoothies- the Mean Green(?), with kale and spinach and mango and pineapple. Get it with Splenda to save some cals, and the smoothie is a meal at 380 cals. Very filling, very tasty, very sweet.

Joined their website and got an email for a 99 cent smoothie with purchase of a sandwich or wrap. Before I got a chance to even print that up, another coupon came up for TODAY- $1.99 for their curry chicken salad or wrap, and it's decent. Don't know if I'd pay full price for it, but coupons and deals seem to come around often.


EDIT:
Apparently this location's management is now picking and choosing when to honor the company website coupons. I understand franchises are able to opt out of promotions, and the small print always states ""at participating locations"", but if they honor one they should honor all. And with all of the smoothie competition they have in this area, and my observations of the amount of business they do, they can't really afford to be turning away customers.
I'll be spending my money elsewhere from now on- getting turned away for a $2 discount coupon that is ON THE COMPANY WEBSITE was a total waste of my lunch break today (3/26/14). If you're going to benefit from the advertising your host company provides, you need to honor their discounts as well."
"Religious murals, a candle-laden Catholic altar and arcade games coexisting in the dining room, and tacos. This place is... well, all over the place.

THE GOOD NEWS: they're no longer cash only and accept credit with a 50-cent processing fee. There's also an ATM in the dining room. There's a panaderia next door and a paleteria further down the strip center to continue your Mexicano dining adventure!

THE NOT-SO-GOOD NEWS: Apparently prices have gone up from most of the ones posted on these reviews. Tacos are $1.25-$1.50 each, my two-taco take-out order was basically $3. But when I opened the bag at home, there was a foil packet roughly the size of a slice of cheese. I wondered how they could have given me the wrong order, given that I was one of only two orders at the time.

THE REALITY: My two tacos were both mini-tacos, and the condiment container of grilled onions I'd grabbed at the salsa bar seemed to dwarf the actual tacos. I know street tacos are on corn tortillas and run a smidge smaller at traditional places than, say, Taco Bell or Del Taco, but these were absurdly small.
Similarly-priced tacos at Tacos Gil or the guys on Decatur are all easily twice the size of what I received here. Key words: similarly-priced. 

That being said, the lengua taco is fairly good and I liked the mild salsa verde, but the asada was lacking and overpowered by the ranchero-style sauce included when you ask for ""everything on it"". 

THE VERDICT: Disappointing. For tacos, anyway. Maybe I'll go Jade's route and try the soup next time.

Side note: also watch out for the guy in the parking lot with a bottle of Windex. He'll spray down your vehicle while you're inside, unprompted, then expect payment afterward."
"Hidden gem of a hipster bar- love the wood paneling and rustic tables, tufted leather seating, chalkboard menu specials, and animal heads. And that's just the décor!

Menu  twists staple bar fare items, service is attentive, and there are more than enough TV screens to watch all the games at once. Plus, their football specials can easily save you 30% to stuff your face while watching your team.

Favorite items included the Reuben pastrami eggrolls (better than the ham and cheese version), the fried Kobe sliders (small but pack a punch of flavor), and the wings are worth getting with or without a discount.
Not-so-successful items were the avocado tempura (odd mix of textures, not much flavor) and the fried pickles (small portion, flavorless breading). Many of the items were a bit on the salty side- went well with their beers though, extensive draft selection."
"Good lunch spot. The rolls are a little on the unimaginative side and coming during HH only gets you a minimal discount, but they have a surprisingly extensive menu complete with vegan options. That said, I still only get sushi here- the salmon-asparagus roll is a favorite. The chirashi is a little basic, but the fish is fresh. The poke bowls are a better choice. 

Bonus points for offering free brown rice substitution on all rolls. They also have gluten-free soy sauce available and a 10% LVAC members discount (dine-in only). When getting takeout, they usually throw in a cup of edamame."
"Though this is a pizza joint, their salads and wings are surprisingly good, too. 
The Greek salad comes in at under $10 for a huge portion of freshness and flavor, while the Detroit Red Wings are a crispy delight with a side of awesome sauce- literally. They come with a garlic-ranch dressing that must be made in-house because it was incredibly flavorful. In the words of Anthony Bourdain, I'd lick that off of a bicycle seat.*

Other points of interest: they have plenty of beer specials, outdoor seating is available, and phone-in orders are ready fast. 


*Disclaimer: I have no idea if Anthony would agree with me about the sauce."
"High end gym? I'll say! 
Came through town to visit friends on a road trip, and bf used a guest pass to play indoor tennis here- apparently that's a thing, since the usual temps here don't allow for anyone to really play outdoors.
He lived here for a couple of years and club tennis was his thing here, and honestly this place and the overall Vegas community are a big part of what he wants to move back- probably the only major reason, actually...
But I digress. For my usage, as a cardio addict, this place was top-notch. The dressing rooms have everything you could need to shower and clean up after your workout, and the cardio equipment is both plentiful and in working order- including the individual screens and headphone jacks.
This is all probably pretty standard, and it's what I'm used to back home, but when travelling it is always kind of difficult to find a place that is up to my standards without having to pay for a month long membership for just a few days (which is insane).
We'll definitely be back, and if we spend a couple of months here over the summer (which looks likely), we'll almost certainly get memberships and spend the majority of our days here hiding from the sun."
"Flavored olive oils and balsamic vinegars with bread and toothpicks to sample as your heart desires? I'm sold! This is like a classy version of the samples at Costco. I really enjoyed the roasted garlic and mushroom oil, but the garlic and herb version seemed to lend itself to more cooking options. I also enjoyed some of the fruitier balsamic flavors.

In addition to oils and vinegars, shop has some various gourmet snack foods (Himalayan salt crisps, various nut mixes, a variety of mustards, etc), wines, and gift items for purchase, too. One thing I didn't see that I would like to see added is menu cards suggesting pairings or dishes for some of their more unusual oil and vinegar flavors.

""But if this place is so great, why are you only giving three stars?"" Service. There isn't any. I was the only customer on a weekday afternoon and the one lone employee sat at a computer browsing wine for my entire visit, briefly turning around when I knocked something over but never coming over to talk to me, discuss products, or ask what I was looking for. I appreciate being left alone to browse, but no attention whatsoever is not the alternative."
"This was my second escape room experience, and my second time visiting this particular business. Originally came with a group and had misunderstandings about start time and was unable to participate, returned with a Groupon for a date night experience. It was more frustrating than fun for us, unfortunately.

Though we ultimately did not solve our room, I really appreciated how staff took the time to go through and explain how the rest of the clues fit together to solve the room. The room itself was a bit thrown together and some components were not well-maintained (flashlight went out, a recorded-voice part was difficult to understand, one lock needed extra verbal directions to open even with the correct code, etc.). 

As far as our room (Unknown Room #1), some clues were vague enough that we were applying them in the wrong way causing significant delay. For example, a month in a code could have been used as a 1 or 2 digit number, leading to confusion about which lock it went in. I feel like this should be more clear. Knowing how complicated our room was, I feel like staff should have stepped in with tips sooner (""you're doing it right but in the wrong place,"" etc), though I realize some people don't want hints. Perhaps this also would have gone better if we simply had a larger group. 

I like the escape room concept and find them fun, but this particular room didn't really go as well as I'd hoped. I'd be open to trying others here though, as I do enjoy a challenge."
"As I plan a trip to Peru, I'm craving the foods I hope to eat when I get there later this year. We don't have too many Peruvian options in town but I decided to take a pescatarian foodie friend for a dinner date here to check it out. We shared a trio of dishes and left full and happy. 

CAUSA DEL SABOR: A layered appetizer of mashed potato and tuna (or chicken), in the shape of a heart. Flavors and textures we typically wouldn't mix in the US but they harmonized well in this dish. 
CEVICHE MIXTO: Served on a decorative, fish-shaped platter, this dish is well portioned for the $20 price. The mix of fish, octopus, shrimp, and crab was fresh and accented with sides of sweet potato, corn, and cancha (corn nuts). Get at least one of their ceviches when you come!
CAUCHA DEL MARISCOS: In the fusion section of the menu as a ""seafood fried rice"", similar to arroz con mariscos but with slightly different seasonings and preparation. This was good and paired well with our other dishes. Again, large portion for the ~$20 price.

Due to the pricing and portion sizes, I'd recommend this more for a group than for a date night. They do also have breakfast specials and weekend-only specialties. I'm in the area for work occasionally and look forward to coming back for the lomo saltado. 

NOTE: They have live music and salsa dancing on Saturdays, and our server said they book up in advance. I like to be able to have conversation when I dine, so this is a deterrent for me but YMMV."
"Underwhelmed by my daytime visit for food- the location is lit like a nightclub 24/7, even at 11AM on a Sunday when all I wanted was to satisfy a killer wing craving. 

Staff was polite, wait time for a to-go order was reasonable. Had time to sit and look around, liked the lighting effects and modern décor/seating, but found it odd that they don't have more lights on during the day or anything to make it a little more restaurant-like for non-nightclub hours. Free wifi, lots of regulars on laptops.

Food itself was mediocre: 12 piece spicy garlic wings had no spice or garlic, for 12 wings we were given 2 tiny cups of ranch- stingy.  Beef shish kabob meat was dry and wrap had no sauce, side of Caesar salad was bagged at an angle so the dressing dripped out of the box and all over the bag.

EDIT: Subtracted an additional star after a traffic incident with an employee in a company truck covered in HML contact info and logos. He was speeding, tailgating, and nearly sideswiped my car in 5 o'clock traffic about a block away from the lounge. Dangerous on it's own, unprofessional when representing your company. I would have given them another chance before, now I won't be."
"My favorite thing to get here are the breakfast burritos. No matter what you get, grab a side of the green sauce to amp things up! Despite my fondness for that verdant condiment, I'm not the hugest fan of their chencho fries, which got soggy fast and didn't have much flavor. The portion sizes here are huge and the prices are low, but it you are a regular, you'll definitely be a Fat Boy yourself. Check out the Chencho Quesadilla for something different.

TIP: Call before heading over, they no longer have hours posted outside and the business has been closed despite accepting Eat24 orders recently."
"I always forget about this location, but it's been here for ages- BF used to live nearby and would walk here to get fries late at night. As it is, a craving for fries is what brought me to their drive thru today in the first place. BF caught sight of their new featured brisket burger and insisted on getting a combo. 

When we got to the window, I asked to add on an order of potato bites but the manager-looking guy who was helping us said it would be a good 5 minutes or so because he had to make them fresh. I thanked him for the heads up and declined the add on.

When we got down the street to a red light, I stuck my hand in the bag to get some fries. And they were stale and cold. Dude, if you have the foresight to warn me about the potato cakes, I should have received the same heads-up about my fries. I think it's safe to reasonably expect fries that are at least warm, but clearly this location can't handle that.

The burger also was lukewarm, but the flavors were actually fairly good, all things considered. I continue to wonder how they're still in business seeing as how they rarely have customers and serve cold food.."
"Cute little French bakery and café- location is in same area as Paymon's but if you're not careful and pass it, you'll have to turn around because the ReMax lot next door does not connect (and has several you-will-be-towed signs up).

Inside is clean and organized with cute wooden wicker seating and lots of cute art posted on the walls. There's even a water spout with lemons and oranges cut up inside for self-serve hydration. Pastries in case look tasty- almost got an onion tart or a fruit tart but opted instead for the Croque Monseiur sandwich, as suggested by the cashier, along with an iced white chocolate mocha.

Sandwich was very rich and indulgent- as it typically is. Flavors were tasty but sandwich itself didn't sit well with me. Was plated with a small side salad with a tasty house-made dressing. Coffee was iced, sweetened, and caffeinated, which is exactly why I got it.

Side note about the music: initially came in to a few rap/club style songs playing?, but the music eventually returned to quieter more café-appropriate selections. Odd. There's a nice patio that is shaded from the sun setting behind the building- would be nice for spring or fall dining alfresco but in this summer heat it likely wont be used often."
"Super cute bakery with plenty of pastry and dessert selection, coffee and boba drinks, and even some seating- space looks small from the outside but is really quite spacious.

Almond cookies are legit, macarons are just okay (but they have several flavors), chocolate almond cake is flavorful, and the almond tarts are the closest  moderately-healthy alternative to pecan pie. I'm on a baked-goods-with-nuts kick, can you tell?

Friendly staff, open late, but irked that they have a $10 card minimum- I never carry cash, and should not be eating $10 worth of baked goods. Ever."
"It wouldn't surprise me if I saw Carmen Sandiego and Waldo grabbing lunch here one day. It would be an understatement to say this spot is hidden. It's around the back corner of a bank, not visible from the street, and signage is limited. 

Menu includes breakfast and lunch specials (soups, salads, sandwiches), and coffees- the coffee is what brought me in this way, but the machine was broke and they were oddly out of soup at 11AM. Ordered a pastrami sandwich (fresh but plain) with fries for my guy and a seafood Louis salad for myself- both were made fresh, nicely presented, and well-priced. The salad was overflowing with shrimp for under $10.

 I had to call to get directions because this spot was so hard to find. 
Note that this spot is only open weekdays for lunch hours."
"I had this place bookmarked for ages and finally made it in on a Friday night, planned specifically so I could catch the belly dancers! Unfortunately, we only saw her for about five minutes of our visit, but she was incredibly talented. Her presence really added to the atmosphere.

HARIRA SOUP: made with tomato, lentil, and chickpeas, this had good seasoning. Hearty, comforting, great with the traditional bread.
KEFTA TAGINE: stew-like dish with Moroccan meatballs, tomatoes, and poached eggs. Unclear why a saucy dish was served with a fork, had to wait to request a spoon. Flavors were just okay: I enjoyed the sauce but the meatballs were a bit bland, and the eggs were overcooked. I believe the dish would have been significantly better if they were cooked properly. 
MECHOUI ROASTED LAMB: Very nice dish, really loved how the moist meat was complimented by the fresh mint leaves! The sea salt, cumin, and harissa sauce really added to the dish and allows you to customize the seasoning. The meat tasted more like beef than lamb though? Odd.
MINT TEA ALMOND PANNA COTTA: Doesn't initially appear to be a panna cotta but it is surprisingly successful. The flavors all somehow work together, despite my initially being turned-off by the grapefruit on top (not mentioned in the menu description). BF inhaled this dish, really loved it. I found it enjoyable but also very odd. The mint tones in the dish almost come off as a bit medicinal.

The food was fairly tasty but did not particularly wow me. Maybe my expectations were set too high but I expected to be a bit more satisfied for the $70 dinner. Perplexed about why the couscous is not offered as a side but instead is only available as an entree.  Service was attentive and professional throughout."
"I love a good pun, and I really wanted to love this place- but if the other reviews stating that the fish and chips here are ""just like England!"" are true, I'm a little bummed. Service was polite enough, and the menu is mostly fried items (including desserts).

Opted for fish and chips on my visit- their specialty. The pieces of cod used were of good quality, and the fry was good. But the batter was bland and tasteless. Good crispness, and not too thick, but no seasoning. Chips were generic fries found frequently elsewhere- not sure what I was expecting but was underwhelmed. I will say that the tartar sauce was a homemade ranch dressing?-  smooth for dipping instead of chunky and light on flavor, but most definitely NOT tartar sauce. WTH?
Interested in trying their fish tacos, hoping they add a chowder to the menu.

Felt this place was a bit heavy on prices: meals from 1-5 pieces range from $8 to almost $30, with apps like onion rings (1/3 pound?) and fried zucchini going for $7 and cajun prawns for just under $10. I didn't feel that the quality was yet up enough to justify the prices."
"This place has great coffee, if you can find it. Back in the corner of the plaza between a vape shop and an electronics store is Kaldi's- more like a neighborhood convenience store inside than a typical coffee shop, but coffee is their specialty. All of the staff and much of their clientele is from Ethiopia, and they exclusively use Ethiopian beans.

Menu is small, with a variety of coffee and teas, some bottled juices and sodas, and a limited selection of store-bought pastries, but they newly introduced sandwiches made to order. You really can't  go wrong with the coffee, though- my vanilla latte was strong enough  to power me through a workout and then even keep me up late, and my guy enjoyed the Americano I surprised him with.

Service gets better each time I go in and I like that their hours are consistent- open daily from 9AM to 9PM. In addition to the food and drink, they have a small pharmacy section and a selection of gifts. I always grab my order to go, but they have a couple of tables both inside and out. Hoping this spot has enough coffee-loving regulars to stick around despite the hidden location- I was stunned to hear they've already been open 6 months!"
"This place is awesome- all of the fun of the outdoors, without the inconvenience of actually going outside! The entry from the casino floor opens with a waterfall featuring koi, turtles, and a large shark-looking fish, with stuffed deer and javelinas along the walls and even some coyotes painted above the top. It's great.

Venture in further, and you'll find shooting video games, more mounted game and labeled game heads than you've ever seen outside of a museum, an upstairs shooting and archery gallery, an escalator flanked by a family of bears, another large aquarium, and a virtual forest of fishing poles.

Oh, and they have merchandise. Fun, giftable stuff like pepper sauces and gun-shaped coffee mugs, along with camo-print home décor and camping food. Their clothing is actually surprisingly affordable, with good sales. Gifted my guy a complete outfit for $25- and I'd come back and do it again."
"When I come here, I'm always conflicted. Everything is so good but portions are massive! Is that really a complaint though?

I tend to get their specialty soft serve flavors more than their Italian ice. They've added a variety of cones with chocolate lining, cereal crusts, etc to make everything super-photogenic. From Oreo to Cinnamon Toast Crunch, or your classic chocolate-vanilla twist, the flavors have never tasted watered down and I appreciate that they don't seem to melt as quickly as other places- I can usually get home and put the rest of my portion in the freezer, but portion sizes are huge enough that you should probably be sharing. The Bobalati is a fun menu item for something different, combining ice, gelati, and boba- smaller than the cones but still huge for one person.

Dining room was recently redone with some fun neons and modernized seating. Staff are typically high school students, service has been quick and friendly. Grab and go Italian ice pints available!"
"While the angry vegans of the internet are demanding that In N Out create a veggie burger for them, VegeWay is already doing it- the vegan burger here legitimately calls to mind an immediate comparison to the fast food franchise, with fresh veggies, a soft bun, a flavorful patty, special sauce, and fake cheese that miraculously tastes good!

The burger is the star of the menu, available as a single or double AND patties can be purchased to cook up at home- the owner is open about his ingredients and even meatatarians should find the flavors palatable. 

Other menu items are a little less successful- the ""beef"" bahn mi sandwich didn't do anything for me and was tossed after a couple of bites, and the fish tacos are best described as mediocre.  I've yet to try the popcorn ""chicken"", because it's always sold out.

Counter service is fairly friendly. They could use a speaker to announce order numbers rather than scream them. Also, there were multiple issues with confusion over the restaurant being closed or open, some customers being turned away, then others being welcomed- it's not a great feeling when it looks like they are picking and choosing who to serve, but it appears to just be confusion."
"Weird business name, but decent southern food. As the name hints at, cake is one of their specialties- specifically ""gooey butter cake"", displayed around the dining room in different varieties and priced $6-8/slice. I haven't tried it myself but apparently it's noteworthy enough to name the business after, so leave room for dessert.

I have only had lunch here, one dine in and one takeout. The smothered pork chops are fork-tender with a flavorful traditional gravy that trended only a touch salty while their catfish has a light and nearly greaseless cornmeal breading that properly adhered to the large piece. Their homestyle mac and cheese and mashed potatoes are preferred sides over their collard greens (very salty) and green beans (canned). All orders come with a huge slab of cornbread.

Service on both visits has been friendly, and owner checks in around the dining room when he's on site. Pricing is hit or miss- in addition to aforementioned slice prices, expect $13 to $15 for lunch, higher for dinner. I hear their fried chicken is good, perhaps I'll try that next."
"South American sandwiches and hot dogs have come to the tiny walk-up space in Dino's parking lot! Under the same ownership as nearby Viva Las Arepas, Pepito Shack features similar cuisine and flavors with wallet-friendly prices and late-night hours.

The open-faced sandwiches are my pick, with mesquite-grilled meats and fresh buns from Bon Bakery- the chicken so far is a favorite, adding mushrooms and cheese. Manager insisted that adding an egg was a great way to up the wow factor, and I totally agree. Avocado and jalapeno are other add-ons to consider but keep in mind that this dish is a monster of a mess and a huge portion.

The hot dogs are a lesser draw for me, but also good- props for offering pork and beef options, served dressed with coleslaw, onions, tomatoes potato strings, and sauce. It's good but not my preferred dish here- looking forward to more sandwiches though, particularly the fish version!

Service was quick and friendly. It can be a bit difficult to hear staff inside the booth, but the increased bar-style seating makes up for that- belly up and get your grub on!"
"Just like the name implies, Joe 2 Go is a family owned and operated ""mobile coffee house"". They have hot, iced, and frozen coffees along with a selection of smoothies and a few protein shakes. Service is friendly, drinks are tasty and made fresh. Props for having sugar-free syrups and soy milk available for those with dietary restrictions!

Find J2G at various community events (I found them at Super Summer Theater), follow  them on FB to know where they're headed next. I'm all for specializing in one thing and doing it well, but I'd love to see them add pastries, desserts, and other small items to round out the coffee house experience."
"Carrabba's is a convenient spot to catch up with colleagues- those who drink can hit up the HH specials, those who don't can carb up, and the staff have been nothing but great. Meals are around $20/pp but portions will always give you leftovers for lunch the next day.

I usually check out the featured specials (fall is for stuffed porkchops and squash ravioli), but the Chicken Rosa is popular, as are classics like chicken parm and spaghetti. The staff tend to push the apps, but meals come with a soup or salad and a side, which is plenty. 

Love how the calorie counts are provided on the menu for all dishes, and the kitchen doesn't mind customizations (veggies sans oil, extra or less sauce, etc.) and even with large groups we haven't had any errors or billing issues."
"They may have changed the sign out front, but it's still Tokyoto Sushi- same staff and chefs, same menu. Instead of AYCE, I usually opt for a la carte or lunch specials- the lettuce wrap app is as close to a riceless roll as you'll get here, but they do allow you to order handrolls sans rice, for an additional $1 each.

Lunch specials are on a separate menu. Even going during lunch, this menu is not provided upon seating. It's also not provided when you ask for it. I had to pull up their website menu on my phone before they brought over the lunch sushi combos list so I could order- kind of irritating. Other than that and forgetting my beverage for the duration of my visit, service was polite.

The lunch combo #3 is my favorite: miso soup and two gyoza, plus your choice of two special rolls from a limited list. The given options are just okay, most of them are shrimp tempura rolls. The namesake OMy roll and the Aladdin roll are both fairly plain, and the rice fell apart where sauces were used."
"Conveniently located in the Palms food court as the sole Mexican food option, right next door to the movie theater. Here's a secret: stop by for tacos and smuggle them in to your $5 movie on Mondays. If you get caught though, I don't know you...

Fish tacos are just over $3 and are available grilled or fried Baja style. Either way is good, but the potato taco is kind of the cult favorite here. Here's what makes the tacos worth the price though: you can add on all the extra toppings you want, for free.
That means lettuce and cabbage and four kinds of salsa, tomatoes and peppers and cheese, oh my! And, yes, ladies and gentlemen: guac. Without a $2 surcharge. 

Service is pretty standard, and nothing here will really blow you away, but the tacos are made fresh and there's guac, so..."
"First of all, I'm not a fan of this run-down mall in the first place. I'd rather shop online but sometimes you just need to pop in a real store and figure out sizing- one of my biggest pet peeves about this brand is how they carry several different lines/fits of work pants, and the waist fit never seems to be the same one style to the next. Other than that though? Solid, affordable place for professional apparel.

Shop itself is (mostly) clean and organized, good amount of stock, clearance and dressing rooms to the back left. Unfortunately, service is nonexistent and dressing rooms have the dim and unflattering fluorescent lighting of a morgue. Store seemed understaffed, with only two or three employees present on a weekend afternoon during Back to School sales- I spent 45 minutes here trying on various pants and checking clearance stock and was never approached or acknowledged by any of the employees present.

Left without making any purchases and bought online instead with free shipping codes and additional discounts to the in-store offerings. I want to keep NY&Co stores around for convenience, but with nonexistent service, there's really no point. 

TIP: This location is in the middle of the mall- best place to park is between Macys and Sears, go through the entrance and it's on the right."
"Unusual name and unusually tasty eats! Another cute new breakfast and lunch option in Vegas, with a creative menu with a Hawaiian influence. The Breakfast Special (riffing on chicken and waffles) and their Lunch Special (with salmon!) are unique options that have several flavors and textures to prevent food FOMO. If you're into sweets, get a side of their guava cream cheese, which was the tastiest version I've come across! Prices are a couple bucks higher than warranted but the food itself is solid. Avoid the acai and yogurt bowls. 

Bring a friend to catch up with because, as other reviews mention, this place runs on island time and lengthy wait times are typical. On two different visits, there was just one lady serving as hostess, server, food runner, and busser, which is a bit much for any one person but especially difficult during their busier weekend hours. Check for a Groupon or Yelp deal before visiting to knock off a couple bucks."
"My love language is brisket and Sin City Smokers knows what they're doing with my meat! I've been by a couple of times to try a few different dishes but my go-to protein is the brisket. There's only a couple of places in town to get this cooked well and SCS offers the most variety of preparation. Check their IG for daily specials, like fried catfish and turkey around the holidays.

PLATES: Your choice of meats and sides, in addition to brisket their hot links have a good kick and snap. Their mac is definitely my preferred side but their beans are also solid. 

SANDWICHES: The Texas Melt is my favorite thing here, so crave-worthy. Plenty of thick, fatty brisket topped with pepper jack, roasted peppers, onions, and sauce. It's a huge portion and super messy, but oh so good. Trying another sando next time!

SPECIALS: The Big Daddy Mac is definitely a dish to share, thanks to the load of FIVE cheeses. It's nicely balanced with a bit of brisket and a fried jalapeno topping for contrast. I'm not a huge barbecue chicken fan (because it's often dry), but the tacos here are loaded with flavor, sauce, and slaw. 

LOCATION: A little tricky to find and likely often confused with another BBQ joint in the next plaza but well worth seeking out. Staff are friendly and attentive, love the rustic decor. Wish this spot weren't so far for me, would definitely come regularly to make my way through the menu- baked potatoes, brisket quesadilla, and tamales are on my list to try."
"Popped in while on this side of town after hearing positive things from friends. The smoker out front is a great touch but the menu is small and the interior is very plain. I understand they're in the process of transitioning into a full-service restaurant though.

Didn't realize the menu is mostly pork, this Texas gal was hankering for brisket, which sets the barometer for judging whether someone can make great barbecue. Opted for a Flamin' Hot Link (cheese, pulled pork, hot cheetos, bbq sauce, and jalapenos, $9), asked for sauce on side. Didn't receive quite as advertised, just cheese, pork, and link- and frankly I don't understand why they're making Frankenfood concoctions with a bunch of junk food on top of the meat, because the cheese covered up how great the pulled pork really was. Flavorful, juicy, didn't even need the sauce. And that hot link was thick and super spicy. Their quality seems solid enough to not need gimmicky carnival-style dishes. 

This place is out of my way, but I'm always willing to put in the drive for great barbecue- I'll pop by again and try the ribs, which seem to be their specialty. As they settle in and find their groove, expand their menu and add decor, this might be a really great spot to grub."
"Beau Monde Bakery is 100% gluten-free! This is great news to those with celiac disease. I'll spare you my rant about how only 1% of the population actually have that illness, and the rest are just bandwagon-jumping on the diet as a health trend.

Interior is cute, in a Pottery Barn catalogue sort of way. Pastry case and counter are stuffed with sweets like cookies, bars, and other treats, but my favorite are the cake pops. Gluten-free sweets are often dry with an odd texture due to the different flours, but here all of the cakes have been surprisingly moist. I appreciate that they regularly carry about 5 different cake pop flavors, for a portion-controlled dessert.

Service is fine. There are a few tables to dine in. Dining room also has various sauces, jewelry, and some décor pieces on sale. Street-facing signage is small, if you're going north on Buffalo just keep going past the building, then turn and double back through the parking lot."
"Foodie Fit has come to Summerlin! This much-more-convenient location is similar to the original across town, with several refrigerators of meals ready to grab and go or heat and eat on site. I really appreciate how their menu is available online and meal data (macros, calories) are already preprogrammed into MyFitnessPal for easy tracking. Staff on site have been quick and helpful.

Though they offer meal prep plans with delivery, I've only dropped in to pickup breakfasts and lunches. They have a good variety when I've dropped in, though some more popular dishes may be out (ie shrimp tikka masala). Recent meals I've tried here include the sunrise quesadilla and the salmon orzo bowl. They also have some drinks and snacks available. 

TIP: They have a grand opening discount of $5 off your first meal, available on IG."
"Shout out to Victoria Q, whose check in here showed up on my newsfeed and prompted me to look up the restaurant... which in turn prompted me to visit... within a matter of hours. In my defense, I had to go to that side of town.Let's just call it fate.

Restaurant is very cool, and balances modern with traditional, from the décor to the food: robot and space-theme décor with cool spacey chairs balanced out with traditional art inlaid in the bar like built-in placemats. A tapas-style menu of traditional Asian flavors with modern twists, including pork belly dishes and a few different ramen options.  Very space, much like. Wow.

I ordered the BELLY RICE ( brick of steamed rice topped with braised pork belly, seaweed and green onions with signature belly sauce)-- wasn't quite what I expected but still very good. The pork alone made me want to try their ramen, as it's the same cut used in that dish. Presentation is better in pics from dine-in visits, rice needed more sauce and I would have asked for more onions if I'd dined in.

But the highlight of my visit was the *TRINITY SLIDERS* (trio sliders of braised pork, spicy caramelized onions and lime marinated tomatoes)-- they are AMAZING. If you go, they are a mandatory order. Trust me, you'll love them. The pork is succulent, the onions add that perfect touch of flavor and melted-onion texture, and the tomatoes are a unique spark of acidity. They are damn delicious. I almost licked the inside of my takeout box. 

Service during my visit was also top-notch: I had the complete attention of the two staff present, who were exceedingly polite and friendly. I was brought out water while waiting for my takeout order, polite chit-chat was made while my transaction as processed, and I was genuinely invited to come back again soon.  And I will!


SIDE NOTE: Hapi Hour pricing is only honored for dine-in, and if you get what I told you above, with the 20% discount, the belly rice is basically free and your two dishes come to a grand total under $10. That's insanely awesome."
"Small town with several antique stores, hiking, and some good food, all a short half-hour drive from Vegas: what's not to love? 

Plan a whole weekend here: spend a day hiking, get your eat and drink on at Milo's, then listen to some live music and brews at Jack's Place. Stay at a local place, and wake up or the pork chili verde at Coffee Cup, browse the antique stores, grab a Dole Whip before heading to the park to see the Big Horn Sheep, and then grab a burger at Dillinger's before you head back home!

Locals are friendly, stores have diverse and kitschy products you won't find elsewhere, and the food is actually pretty good- small town weekend fun, family-friendly or not. Totally up to you!"
"All the Texas transplants in Vegas held their collective breaths when they heard a Texas-style BBQ joint was opening in Henderson (of all places!). Well, I'm from the 210 and this place is fairly legit. I'd tweak a few things but the meats are solid, and that's the main thing that matters. 

Got a two meat plate (with two sides) and a poboy- smoked turkey was generously served and moist, I'd definitely come back for that! Beef hot link was poppin', and BF said their BBQ sauce was some of the best he'd had since we left TX. Sides aren't to be missed either: the mac was saucy and distinctly smoky, and we fought over who got to finish the BBQ beans (and I usually don't like them at all!). 

Had a few issues with the poboy (note the $1.50 fee for brisket or tri tip)- the brisket comes shredded? That ain't how they do it down in SA, and thankfully I saw it in time to ask for it to be remade with sliced (though I was originally met with resistance). The sliced is leaner than I'm used to, and not quite as juicy, but it was better than most Vegas versions. And where were the pickles and onions?!

Interior is done up with picnic tables and old-school bulb lights, with plenty of paper towels and sauce bottles on each table. Dining in might be the better option, as I got attitude and inconvenience when I asked for cups of sauce for my takeout order- apparently there were only a few ready and the cashier couldn't give out cups to pack my own, so I had to open up my takeout boxes at the tables and add sauce inside (getting it all over everything). Not thrilled.

Management (Brian?) was on point though- ribs looked incredible (will be coming back to try them!) but weren't falling-off-the-bone tender yet, so he held off serving them until they were ready, which I thought was good quality control. Line staff and cashiers seem to be in need of some training in the area of Southern hospitality though."
"I'm not about to start up a fan club for Mr. Tofu, but I would shake his hand, as Philip T suggests. My go-to is the combination soon tofu,  packed with an egg,  beef,  chicken, a large mussel, a couple of shrimp,  and of course,  tons of tofu. But the best part of the dish is the amazing, spicy,  tomato-based broth. Much like menudo in Mexican culture or pho for the Vietnamese,  this is my cure-all soup when I'm feeling ill."
"Shut the front door. As a cheese lover, I am eternally indebted to Shirley B for turning me on to this place. Before I even finished my first meal, I was joking with staff about pitching a tent and moving into their front flowerbed. I am lucky this place is not closeby, or I'd be here constantly and weigh as much as one of their large 300 pound wheels of cheese!

Came in with my Yelp sidekick, Bethany E., 'cause she's the macaroni to my cheese. When I was running late, she stepped up to the plate and set up our charcuterie order with three prosciuttos (the spicy was best!) and three cheeses- the one described as a bleu-brie was our favorite, paired nicely with a honey drizzle! You could easily make a meal out of one of these platters, and I'm sure I will within a couple of weeks.

Because we were already smitten, and also our eyes are bigger than our stomachs, we also ordered two sandwiches to share. One was a daily special riffing on a classic caprese, with pesto and fresh mozz along with roasted peppers and prosciutto. It was fresh and juicy, and the bread they picked was great- chewy with a touch of doughiness, but sturdy enough to hold up! I wouldn't be surprised if this becomes a menu staple before long.

But the highlight for us both was easily the TRUFFLE & HONEY GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICH. Yes, that name deserves to be in all caps. It's a mind-blowing harmony of flavors. Brie, mozzarella, Savial truffle sauce, acacia honey, and white truffle sea salt- gooey, savory, salty, sweet, plus the punch of truffle. Ooh baby. And the best/worst part of it all is that you can buy all the ingredients in their shop area and make this bad boy at home any time you want! Insert the shocked emoji face here. 

The shop itself is small but cute, the staff are friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive- we were given all sorts of tips, tricks, and info from the servers and owner, and that personal touch really pushes this business into the next level of awesome. I look forward to being a regular here- it goes without saying that this place is worth rearranging your schedule to find a time to pop in for their limited weekday hours!"
"As I get older, the holidays kind of lose their magic. The key is to keep it up for the kids. If you don't have your own, borrow your friend's! Brought a friend and her kiddos here for an evening of Christmas spirit and we had a great time: games and candy, ornament decorating class with elves, cookies with Mrs. Claus, snow ball fights, and more, all culminating in a private visit with the big man himself, with a family photo and take-home gift.

As with the halloween version of this event, the decorations are on fleek- this is an elaborate and thoughtfully decorated space that is over the top, in the best way. They're only open for about a month, but they don't cut any corners. The staff are excellent- most of the elves are young, maybe high school students, and they're great with kids and don't break character. MiraCole is a great hostess with an infectiously positive attitude. Got here feeling like a Scrooge and our visit here totally turned that around."
"I've been on an Asian tapas kick, and this place boasts Japanese, Korean, Asian, and Thai offerings- but the menu manages to be fairly simple and organized with good execution. Service is attentive, genuine, and personable, particularly from owner Peter. Interior is nicely appointed, really like the art on the walls.

TUNA TARTARE: $8, simple but super fresh and flavorful. Will be trying salmon version next.
VEGGIE TEMPURA: $6, good mix of squash, okra, and pumpkin in a light batter with a flavorful dipping sauce. 
SHUMAI: $6/4-piece, delicate and flavorful with shrimp inside, caviar and green onion on top. This place isn't about to compete with my favorite dim sum shop, but it's a well-executed version I'm happy to see (though it's not on the official menu yet).

CHICKEN WINGS- three varieties available, twice-fried for extra crispiness. Recommend getting the sampler to try all three, one of the better takeout options.
JAPANESE TEBASAKI: with sweet ginger soy and black pepper, probably my favorite. Sweet and savory and a bit of spice, well balanced.
THAI CHILE NAM PLA: chile, lemongrass, and fresh herbs. Great, flavorful simplicity, wish these had a bit of heat to them.
KOREAN GOCHUGARU: korean chile flakes and sesame seeds bring great texture to another simple take on wings, did not expect to like these as much as I did. Not spicy, despite the use of chile flakes.

Currently BYOB. Pricing is fair, hours go late, great place for group dining shared tapas style. Their rice/noodle dishes sound like good solo lunch options, do not know if they plan to eventually expand their hours for lunch service. Chef Peter is personable and friendly, puts out great dishes."
"News flash, Las Vegans: you no longer have to drive all the way to LA to get potato balls! The version here isn't quite on par with the flavor of Portos, but they'll fix a craving. I don't claim to be any sort of Puerto Rican expert, but the hordes of other diners raving about their food can't all be wrong!

POTATO BALLS: $3/each, and huge. Filling doesn't have quite as much seasoning to it as the aforementioned competitor, but I have very few other versions to compare it to.  Tasty!
TOSTONES: Crispy flattened and fried green plantains with garlic sauce. The sauce is more like a spicy mayo than garlic sauce I've had elsewhere, but a generous portion for $3.
CAMARONES AL AJILLO: Garlic shrimp with traditional rice and beans. Home cooking and so good. Large portion, $10 plate, clearly made with love.

I haven't tried too much of the menu, but I live dangerously close and based on the quality of the dishes I've had, I'm open to trying many more things- particularly the yucca frita, empanadas, and some of the pork dishes.

If the crowd on opening weekend is any indication, this spot is on the fast track to getting their own brick and mortar location soon! Menu is surprisingly large considering the small space they have to work with. Hopefully they stay busy and successful, but I'm crossing my fingers that the kitchen staff gets more efficient as they settle in- an hour to place and receive a takeout order is a bit much for a food court. I would say to call ahead and place your order, but they haven't answered any of my calls so far. Despite these deterrents, I know I'll be back.

EDIT: OMG the bacalaito. How they fit so much tasty salty, fishy flavor in such a thin crispy dish?! And their arroz con gandules is so consistently good that when I'm feeling especially lazy in the kitchen, I grab a side to pair with whatever I'm cooking for dinner. Love the new, larger location too!"
"Dragged the BF here for a quick late lunch- we've been to a few ""gourmet hotdog"" places, and they've been pretty hit or miss for us. But I had a feeling about this place, and when it was featured as Yelp LV's review of the day last week, I knew I had to go soon.

We arrived for a late lunch around 3PM. Two guys working- an owner-looking fella and a young cook. Stood at the counter for a good five minutes being ignored as they filled orders and walked them to tables without acknowledging me. BF eventually stood in line for me, asked to place an order, and was apologized to a few times about the delay. Guess customer service isn't quite the strong suit here.

In their defense, even for a late lunch, the crowd was steady- we ordered the bulgogi beef and the bahn mi dogs, plus an order of the chili cheese fries. I loved the bulgogi dog- piled high with beef and green onions, it was tasty without being overwhelming. BF preferred the bahn mi, which had a good assortment of crunchy veggies and pork belly, with srircha mayo that had a good kick to it. We really could have done without the chili cheese fries, and they were underwhelming- the fries were unsalted and the chili was very basic, we should have stopped at the dogs or tried the Euro Special instead.

Was impressed enough with the dogs we had to come back- BF is already making a list of what he wants to try on his next visit. But we're more likely to split 3 dogs than do 2 plus a side of fries next time. One dog is easily a meal for a girl or guys who don't have huge appetites, so don't go overboard ordering. Decent prices, too: think everything is about six dollars each, from the dogs and burgers to pimped-out fries."
"Crepe Station finally has a brick and mortar location! Menu includes coffee drinks and paninis, but the highlight is the namesake crepes, available in sweet and savory varieties. The open kitchen space is a huge plus, as you can see your crepe being made.

CHICKEN PESTO PANINI: Buttery bread and a variety of fresh fillings, but still oddly on the plain side. I'd suggest a different pesto that has more pop to it. Sided with your choice of chips or a salad (my choice), which came topped with chopped fruit and balsamic. Not my preference, but not bad.
NUTELLA CREPE: Huge crepe, tons of Nutella, topped with your choice of two chopped fruits (strawberry and mango being mine). Generous portion for the low price, made fresh, and oozing with hazelnut spread. I'd try a savory version next time.
CARAMEL FRAPPE: At $3, this is the best price I've found for a standard blended coffee beverage and I'd prefer to frequent this spot than the 'Bucks across the street. 

Service is all smiles, location is clean, and they have great hours: 8AM-11PM daily. Their small menu allows their skills as crepe artists to shine, but I'll have to try a different Panini next time.

EDIT: Dropping a star from my rating. Toppings/fillings inconsistent, seem to be declining in quality. If you're wanting crepes in this area, it'll do, but there are better options in town."
"I've heard great things about this place and live nearby, but am very loyal to my favorite sushi chef at another place... or I was. I've been avoiding him since I found this place, with an extensive menu, innovative rolls, and super-fresh fish!

Menu has a lot to explore, and I love that the rolls aren't just your standard ""special"" rolls on everyone else's menu in town. The cowboy roll with seared beef on top especially caught my attention. Mega bonus points for having SIX RICELESS ROLLS! SAY WHAT!? Unheard of, and they're almost all delicious. Freshmen Roll, Spring Mountain Roll, and Tuna Naruto are my favorites in this category. The handrolls and ""burritos"" are huge and delicious- pick from the Monkey Roll or go classic with salmon skin. 

Side and appetizer dishes here are also pretty unique (ask for several of the mushroom ball), and the nigiri is thick-cut and delicious- appreciate how they use a proportionate amount of rice rather than gigantic mounds, as found elsewhere in town. 

AYCE lunch price (til 3PM) is a super-reasonable $21, dinner is open til 2AM and goes up to $27- adds extra dishes like uni and amaebi nigiri, grilled mackerel, sashimi or poke salad, and mochi for dessert. Bummed that the mochi isn't available at lunch price, wish they'd add some desserts as they are a bit lacking in this area."
"Heads up that the asada fries here are like crack- horrible for you but oh so good in the moment. They use liquid nacho cheese sauce rather than shredded. Not everyone appreciates this, but I actually prefer it for this dish. The asada is flavorful and despite other reviews, it didn't seem any greasier than asada I've had elsewhere.

The tacos are fine: lengua, cabeza, and asada with cilantro and onions are all hot and fresh. Corn tortillas aren't too thick or too thin, didn't have much flavor either but didn't fall apart which is  most important.

Not sure why there are so many negative reviews- location is in the parking lot of a mexican market, maybe clientele are more discerning? Has been clean with friendly staff whenever I've gone."
"I've been by a few times over the past few years and have yet to really be impressed. Recently revisited when I heard that ownership had changed, and was pleasantly surprised to see a line out the door at 10AM.

But the food was again less than stellar. Opted for a couple baked treats and a specialty dish. Kouign aman and cannele did not seem all that fresh, and the puff pastry-chicken dish was pretty but completely unseasoned. A sprinkle of salt made a huge improvement, and I'm not one who typically salts my food in the first place. Food was average, wouldn't be my first pick in the area.

Service was okay. They were quite busy, but the staff behind the counter helping with pastries didn't seem familiar with what was out, and were corrected several times to grab the right items by people around me in line. Process could be expedited if staff had clear roles and adequate knowledge of the menu/stock."
"I'm a huge fan of the CSN food court, and love how so many vegan and veggie-friendly businesses have moved in recently. Amber's is so far the only one that is strictly vegan, and I was excited to try their takes on barbecue and southern food.

Jay's review nails exactly how I felt though: everything looked good, by which I mean you couldn't even tell the meal was vegan, but everything tasted off. The ""ribs"" were a cool concept but the spongy mystery ""meat"" product (Seitan) weirded me out, similarly the crust on the ""fried chicken"" made it look like the real thing but it didn't taste like much of anything. Maybe a great gravy would have helped? The cackalacky sauce kind of did but another option would be good. The sides were a bit better- the greens tasted pretty good and I actually finished the mac, which tasted better than it looked (ie brown, dry, and clumpy). I did not care at all for the very light but very dry corn bread. 

In short, I like the idea but I didn't care for the execution. I may come back to try other items like their jackfruit buffalo ""chicken"" nuggets or the ""scallop"" poboy, but I tend to prefer my vegan food with great sauces and lots of veggies, rather than deep fried and fake.

Response to management comment: Vegan restaurants cannot exclusively serve vegan customers. I am omni but enjoy vegan food and cook that way at home quite often."
"Despite dating a guy with a sweet tooth the size of the moon, I'm not actually into sugar myself. Matcha is one of those flavors I enjoy in desserts because it's generally less sweet, but the soft serve here is still a touch too sweet for me to enjoy. Surprisingly, the hojicha was also on the sweeter side rather than going for a more traditional roasted tea flavor.

I've come by a couple of times with friends, one of whom had the same sweetness comment while everyone else enjoyed their treats. Perhaps I just need to stick to the drinks here. The location is traditional and the service has been very polite but more focused on orders than customers."
"Veggieat Xpress is the latest food counter to open in the food court Ranch 99 Market on Maryland. Menu is similar to Veggie House on Wynn, but it's unclear if they're related.

The best deal here is the $7 lunch combo- fried rice or rice noodles with your choice of two entrees. The spicy eggplant tofu is good with large chunks of lightly-fried tofu, and the flavor of the ""chicken"" curry is decent, with a solid sauce but an overwhelming amount of potatoes. The tofu could use more texture and the curry would benefit from more spices, but it's a huge portion for the price, and filling veggie meals usually aren't under $10.

Rest of menu is veggie-fied Chinese and Vietnamese dishes, including bahn mi- the ""fish"" sandwich is under $5 and the ""shrimp"" will be the next one I try. Their soups seem to be what they're known for, and the broths are surprisingly full-bodied. Check for daily specials and new menu items posted at the register.

NOTE: They take credit cards to the kitchen to run them? My receipt said I paid cash when I did not. Not sure what's going on but I'm not a fan of my card being taken out of my sight."
"When a restaurant features a view of planes landing, who else do you take but your flight attendant friend? Watching her geek out over the planes was almost as good as the food itself. The restaurant-bar-lounge is somewhat hidden in the second floor of a business park, but well worth seeking out if you enjoy Indian cuisine.

Their menu is expansive, opt for something beyond Butter Chicken and Tandoori dishes- though they likely do those just as well. We shared the Lamb Rogan Josh and Shrimp Saag entrees, with basmati rice and garlic naan. Dishes were amply portioned with flavorful sauces and a nice heat, and the proteins were fresh and juicy. If you enjoy the kick, upgrade to spicy!  

The service for dinner seemed overwhelmed even before they got busy, with items forgotten, check errors, and a delay receiving our food. That said, I would come back for their lunch buffet ($12/pp?) to try more of their dishes before returning for a dinner. Good date night spot for the food quality and views!"
"I finally made it in to BRFC's Strip location- out of necessity, because I am in love with the Love Bird! February's annual specialty sandwich, piled high with sweet potato fries and truffle sauce, is my favorite of their featured sandos. Staff at this location are friendly and attentive to detail, my sandwich was perfectly photogenic and easily the size of my head. 

This location is in the Bally's Grand Bazaar Shoppes area, convenient to the escalators and elevators. I especially like that they have outdoor seating available. Sauces aplenty here, thankfully- as much as I like the monthly sandwiches they come up with, I'll be the first to admit that the toppings and sauces they add amp up the flavor. The chicken itself is not especially flavorful to me, though it is moist and has a visibly seasoned crust. I stick exclusively to the monthly sandwiches and the mac & cheese.

I am saddened that the closure of their Downtown Summerlin location has made me a less frequent visitor, but if you hustle from the parking garage and don't get distracted, you can get in and out in under an hour and avoid a $9 parking fee."
"I gotta lotta love for Chick-Fil-A, we go way back. Our relationship is almost entirely to blame for my Freshman 15, thanks to the location of a CFA in the basement of my dorm. I could literally roll down the stairs and swipe my dining card for a sandwich in the morning and/or do the same on my way back in at night.  Moving to Vegas, without any CFA locations, was an adjustment. I'm happy to have them back for quality on-the-go grub.

The classic sandwich is my go-to,  their lightly-breaded, always-juicy chicken doesn't even need sauce. Nuggets are available for those who can't resist the allure of the Polynesian sauce. The grilled option is available if you need to make good choices, but it's nowhere near as good IMO. Waffle fries are always awesome, though.

The breakfast menu is still fairly new to me, and what I've been acquainting myself with at this new location. The grilled chicken English muffin sando is hearty, but I'd suggest adding some sort of hot sauce for more flavor to start your day. 

Service at CFA is comparable to In N Out- they set the standard for their industries by being attentive and polite, all the time. There's a smile on every face, tables are always cleaned, and the lines move fast. I'll happily EAT MOR CHIKIN now that Chick-Fil-A is back in my life!"
"I'll be the first to admit that Filipino food is a bit foreign to me, in that I've tried it a few times and liked it, but I have no idea what the dishes actually are. I imagine most visits to Max's are pretty similar, as their menu favors a family-style format where you basically grab and eat whatever's closest. A couple of recent visits here helped me get to know what I was eating.

For intro-level Filipino food, snag some fried lumpia (spring rolls), chicken adobo, super-crispy fried chicken (ask for banana ketchup), and their salt or garlic rices. The grilled beef skewers are a must-get item for me, but pinkabet (vegetable stew), kare-kare (peanut butter-based sauce), and inasal (grilled chicken) are other dishes I can safely get here without risking the rage of my cardiologist. Ease into that side of the cuisine with dishes like lechon kawali, crispy pata, and lechon sisig. If you have room left, finish up with the confusingly tasty halo-halo (a wild mix of textures and a giant scoop of ube ice cream) or the slightly-tamer Buko Pandan (green jelly with coconut ice cream). 

Though I usually prefer to go to smaller local Filipino places (or friends' houses) when I want to eat these dishes, I really appreciate that the food here is not as greasy as other places, which is a huge part of what tips this into the four-star category for me.

TIP: They recently added single-serving bowls of some of their best entrees for weekday lunches, so now you don't have to round up a whole herd of friends to get your fix."
"The name confuses me, as in the US, first place usually gets a BLUE ribbon and red is given to second place. I wouldn't rate this place #1 bakery or anything, but I'm curious about the name chosen.

I don't care for the ube cake everyone here raves about, but the vivid color is cool. The mango bar is sweeter than expected but not off-putting. 

But the empanadas are where it's at! Both times I've been in, they only had beef available so I have yet to try the chicken. Empanadas are kept in a warmer and a good size for the low price. Will continue coming back for these!"
"Holy overpriced mediocrity, Batman! This place is horrendously overpriced- just like Panini Cafe, this restaurant tries to take advantage of the lack of Kosher restaurants in town by jacking up the prices and putting out mediocrity. 

$8 Matzo ball soup is the size most places call a CUP of soup, except it's also twice the price here. Bagel Cafe's version is easily three times the size, more flavor, better quality. Portion was bland broth, matzo, two pieces of carrots and a bite of overcooked noodles. BF enjoys the light flavors of Kosher food, but even he can't justify the outrageous pricing- this should be half the price that it is.
$11 house shwarma wrap was also okay, but the meat was underseasoned- wrap on pita contained a bland smear of hummus, a few pieces of cucumber and tomato, and a generous amount of the chicken. Too bad only the bottom half of the wrap had any flavor, where the ingredients all mixed together. 

If you aren't required to keep Kosher, I can think of no reason you'd come here. Entrees sound halfway decent, but they are nearly all a flat $25 with some going as high as $38. I'm aware that Kosher restaurants are limited, but when you're considered overpriced in a city FULL of overpriced restaurants, you at least need to have the quality to back it up."
"It's always a great morning if Rise and Shine is on your agenda! The name reveals that they specialize in steak and egg dishes, and I have never been much of a fan... partially because I didn't realize how many different variations there were of this dish.

SPICE RUBBED RIB EYE WITH CHILAQUILES: This was incredible. Steak was nicely seasoned and cooked to a perfect medium rare, with a huge portion of tortilla chips, beans, and cheese, along with avocado, salsa, and sour cream to doctor it to your liking. Portion is enough for two, or one, if you don't plan on eating til dinner.
CHICKEN FRIED STEAK AND EGGS: HUGE steak, crunchy exterior, perfectly seasoned country gravy. This is the South on a plate. Side it with a biscuit and gravy for the full effect. It's a super-heavy dish though, consider yourself warned.
STEAK AND EGGS: The classic dish was also done well. Table agreed the steak on this plate was the best, but the hashbrown potatoes left something to be desired. Would sub for another side next time. 
DRINKS: The French press coffee and the fresh-squeezed juices are good choices, the Green Go Go juice in particular (kale, cucumber, melon, parsley).

Service was friendly, love how some of the servers are in PJs. I hear they get busy on weekends, but the food is certainly worth the wait and way better than that other nearby breakfast spot. Note that meals are ~$15/ea, which justifies the huge portions, but may be a bit more than you expect."
"Small but decent downtown farmers market- a major pluses are that this one is indoors AND parking is free and easy to find on-site.

Three different product booths were present, along with two food trucks (Rika Arepa Express and 50 Shades of Green), a coffee shop, live music, and a handful of artisans selling jewelry and kitchen supplies.

Interested to see whether this market garners more participants in the fall."
"Baby Birds Cafe is such a great fit for this lakeside neighborhood spot! I'm a regular in this plaza and the previous business didn't make use of the great location, but BB has huge windows to let in the natural light and beautiful view. Likewise, food and drinks here also have great visual appeal- and for bonus points, they accommodate various specialty diets with vegan and keto options!

FIRST VISIT: Came in solo for avocado toast and a taro latte. Sweet service, super fresh food, totally fell in love with the atmosphere here.

SECOND VISIT: Came with a friend for dessert, he got a cappuccino. The hazelnut mocha cake is vegan and had an oddly greasy mouthfeel that didn't really work for either of us, and the cappuccino tasted burnt. 

THIRD VISIT: Brought in my bestie for a brunch feast with the Harvest Salad, Thai Spring Rolls, Salmon Toast, and another latte. Service was super friendly about a mixup with the salad and all the dishes were fresh and photogenic. Tahini salad dressing is a bit plain and the rolls could use a pop of acid but overall, we enjoyed our meal.

Despite little to no traditional advertising and a location that is a bit tucked-away, BB has been busy each visit but not too crowded to enjoy. Excited to see how the menu changes over time as they figure out what dishes work best!"
"As with most donut places, come early for the best selection- snagged the last apple fritter just after 11AM on a weekend, only the top row of the pastry case was full though. 

Mixed feelings about the goods here. Apple fritter has amazing texture and exterior, great cinnamon-infused flavor, but little to no apples! A travesty! The maple bar, my usual pick for donut shops, was dry and sad.

Props for NOT being a cash-only business. Interior is clean, menu also has breakfast sandwiches, muffins, and coffee beverages."
"Not impressed with the ""featured"" greens drink- someone must have mixed up the ratios of cucumber and celery, because there's no reason for what I drank to be so overwhelmingly bitter. Not sure if the specific person who helped me is to blame or if their drink ingredients are simply a rough guideline to follow. I make green juices regularly at home, but clearly no attempt was made at balancing the flavors in this drink.

In addition to fresh juices, menu also includes smoothies and a host of acai bowls- trying the peanut butter version is next on my list. Didn't notice until after I ordered at the counter that they have bottled cold-press juices (which I prefer) in the refrigerated case: I'll stick to those next time.

Location is by the Macy's entrance, you'll know you're near if you see the Bath and Body Works or Brighton stores."
"Where else can you get escargot crosti at 9PM? Nowhere, probably. 
The interior here is definitely not going to win any awards, but the food is reliably tasty, for the most part. Also want to say that the service here is somewhat better than the Rainbow Rd. drive-thru location- loved how the front cashier called me ""dahlink.""

Planned to come in just for some late-night macarons, but snagged a single peanut butter and then opted for the aforementioned snail-toast. The portion is quite large- pictured a halved garlic bread loaf, topped with about seven or eight escargot and a liberal blanket of cheese, broiled to order. Overall taste could use a smidge more seasoning- salt or pepper, maybe, would perk it up a tiny bit more. Taste was just a tiny bit unbalanced, but quite tasty.

I was again a bit put off by a male employee- this one was in the rear of the store, and I ordered my escargot from him. It was in the case next to him, and I read the order title off of the signage in the window. In front of him.
His first reaction was a grimace, and then, ""Let me check and see if we have that."" Then he crouched down and pulled out the tray, eyeing them apprehensively.

Had my craving for escargot not been overwhelming, I likely would have cancelled my order and left. As it is, the order was tasty and I feel just fine. And I'll probably eat it again. But someone needs to have a chat with male staff for this company... see my review for other location for more info."
"Of all the cuisines represented in Vegas, this is the first spot I've seen specializing in Scandinavian! Photogenic plates of thin Nordic waffles and traditional open-faced sandwiches abound, along with fresh-baked pastries, a large beverage selection, and super friendly service. 

Despite the trek across town, I've now popped in twice and the food did not disappoint. My taste buds trend more savory than sweet, but the Almond Cake was a great weekend treat. The fruit-topped waffle had a great balance of sweetness with a dense and chewy (not crispy) base, and is a good option to share. 

The savory options are where they shine for me, and their seafood dishes in particular stand out- the Arctic Salmon toast is loaded with protein (adding capers and/or onion would be a nice touch), and they also offer a cold-water shrimp version. You also can't go wrong with the tasty trifecta that is Buffalo mozz, tomato, and fresh basil on the Caprese, available for vegetarians. That said, I would prefer a thinner cut to the base bread though, as it is quite thick and at times difficult to cut."
"Great little spot for something fun and different to do with visitors- it's a functional chocolate factory and a cactus garden (no idea what inspired that combo!), complete with a chocolate shop for purchases.

The chocolate factory has a viewing window and ""tours"", which are short- walk through the hall, look through the windows, and read the plaques. They offer guided tours where employees provide more info, but it's still pretty short. Afterward you get a chocolate coin as a sample. There is a shop of Ethel M chocolates (higher end, made on site), and an M&M store (more basic, Mars candies), both a bit pricey- note that they also have coffee and hot chocolate beverages available.

After grabbing a drink, wind your way through the cactus garden! It's lit up and decorated for the holidays, between November-January, but even a day time visit is fairly interesting with informative plaques provided about the different cacti. Fun to wander around, nothing too strenuous, good spot for photos. There are even a few tables and chairs off the path, good for sitting and catching up with a friend."
"Having an early evening flight and not wanting to eat an overpriced food court dinner, I stopped here enroute to to the airport thinking a slice would hit the spot. With signs saying ""wood fired"" all over the windows, I was unpleasantly surprised to walk in to a counter with a heated case of slices and one lonely chair.

Menu didn't have anything on it but pizza, despite the photos on the door of wings and salad. Got two sad slices, popped straight in the box and not crisped in the oven or anything, but as soon as I went to eat them I realized they were coated in grease. Like, an obscene amount puddled on the surface. Took a few bites, tried to blot what I could, tossed the majority of my $8 meal. I think not."
"I am a big fan of Parsley! This newest location is closer to my new home and has become my new go-to for hearty, healthy lunches and takeout. I especially like how much bigger and cozier this location is! The meals here typically will make two lunches for me, and everything is fresh, flavorful, and fully customizable.

My usual order is the chicken shawarma plate, but I have also had the hummus bowls and salads, usually with falafel. I typically drink water 99% of the time, but when I go here I always get a drink- their cucumber cooler and mint tea are both so good! The menu at this location is easier to understand than the other, and staff here have been helpful answering questions when I bring in someone new. 

If I could request one change, it would be to clarify the fees for the ""mezze bar add-ons"". It's been inconsistent when I've been charged and when I haven't."
"It's just. not. fair! Why does Henderson, on the other side of Vegas from me, have all the best Greek places? There's Great Greek, and Stephano's, and Yalla, and now I discover you even have Greek Bistro (hard though it was to find). Not fair!

Food here is perfect. They have three salads, several wraps and plates, and a variety of desserts and apps. Despite the casual setting, there is table-service. Love the wall-sized photo of Greece and the blue-and-white decor scheme.

The gyros salad is my favorite purchase, topped with tomatoes, feta, and a ton (perhaps a bit too much, best asked for on the side) of delicious tzatziki sauce, as well as a generous amount of gyros meat. Their gyro wraps are also delightful, with fresh and pillowy pita and a giant portion size. Their fries are spectacular, whether or not you order them Greek style and add feta. 

Pricing is fair for the portions (about $10/person) and quality, service is friendly, and basically everything on their menu is to die for."
"A destination for sushi-loving cat ladies! The sushi is awesome, but the cat-crazy decor and extra-friendly service put this place over the top.  I'd move in here if they'd let me. It's a hidden nook downstairs from Cafe Teaze, cozy with cat decor and art everywhere- trinkets on shelves on the walls, photos at the bar, and even drawn on the menu!

Menu has a huge selection of apps, nigiri, and rolls, broken down into specialty, baked, fried, hand, and riceless rolls. Their selection of riceless rolls is on par with Jjanga (~5 choices), and they are well executed. As others have said, nigiri is fresh and generously cut, and rice is proportionate. They also have a selection of grilled skewers (haven't tried 'em), and desserts are limited to 1/person- but many are made in house and higher quality than elsewhere.  I was so pleased with my first meal here that I literally came back within a week. Same great product and experience.

Both visits, I sat at the bar- sushi chefs are friendly and engaging instead of silent and stoic, as elsewhere. Dinner price ($28?) is reasonable considering the selection and quality. Definitely a place I am happy to be a regular."
"Jenny is one of the sweetest people in Vegas! Came in during their soft opening, and they have completely transformed the space. I really dig the textured wall paper, and the modern minimal decor with farmhouse accents.  Unfortunately, when I visited they were out of rice- I'll have to return to try their Hainan chicken dish, but I was thoroughly impressed with the items I did try, and Jenny's top-notch, friendly service.

CHOPPED SALAD: Lettuce, kale, avocado, almonds, fried shallots, seasonal veg, and sesame vin. The dressing was light but flavorful, and the seasonal vegetables on this visit included red grapes and sweet plum tomatoes. It was a shockingly fresh and flavorful salad, and adding the fried chicken filet on top makes it a filling meal.
TWICE COOKED SICHUAN CHICKEN WINGS: Available by the half or full pound, these are damn delicious. Slightly sticky, sweetly sauced, with great flavor. Definitely a win for Sheridan Su! I'd say these are a must-get item.

I'll be back for their five-spice chicken bao and the Hainan chicken! Heads up that they close at 3:30PM, so this is exclusively a lunch spot. They also have very limited seating (4 2-tops and one 4-top), since the space is very small. Props for having ample (and comfortable) seating for takeout orders or waiting customers!"
"Small office, small selection of frames, friendly staff.
Loved how I called in for an appointment and was able to be seen the next day if needed. Office staff were helpful and friendly throughout visit.

Doctor is professional and patient.
If your insurance coverage only allows you to apply benefits to frames OR contacts, I would suggest doing contacts here because of limited frame selection: lots of brand variety, but most of the were square and tended to be the same basic style.

Location is across from Happy Dental on Charleston. Be cautious in the parking lot, nearly had my car hit when backing out, and there were a lot of pedestrians cutting through  the lot, too.

Office utilizes technology to confirm and remind you of your appointment via text message. You will also get a post-appointment satisfaction survey by email."
"Some pretty solid dining options, but I doubt I'd come here much if it weren't attached to the Ventian- which is both a good thing and a bad thing. Getting to the Palazzo from the shared parking structure is quite a hike, but that's the method other locals have recommended. 

The rooms are all suites, and they have the Rock of Ages show on site, as well as the Grand Canal Shoppes. I do like that the casino floor isn't as cluttered, obnoxious, or smoky as other properties on the Strip. Mid-week staycation rates are decent, but I prefer Caesars."
"The AFAN AIDS walk was awesome sauce! What's better than hanging out with a bunch of Yelpers on a Saturday morning? Getting in your exercise and supporting a great cause at the same time! AFAN is a great community organization, and I appreciated that their event was more organized than others like it that I've attended.

The route was straightforward and took us past shops in Town Square as well as up Sunset Road for great views of the surrounding mountains. Various businesses had booths at the start/finish line, and there were live musicians and performers throughout the course to keep things interesting and fun. Penn & Teller were there showing their support, and offered a matching contribution contest for those who were really into the fundraising aspect. They were on hand for a short while afterward for photos, but we just barely missed them.

Speaking of fundraising, I really liked that we were not harassed as walkers into donating more or fundraising an absurd amount- team goal was set by our CM, tracked on individual pages, and earned goodies like shirts and backpacks. Having a ""required"" participation donation to earn a shirt, like most others have, might net more funds (and possibly happier participants, based on some conversations I overheard) rather than the $50 shirt minimum and no required donation.

I do feel that this event could be improved (and possibly increase participation) if it were organized more like a 5K with a set route with a specific distance, and perhaps two start times for the more athletic folk vs walkers showing their support. Last note, the shirts this year were really nice- especially for those who participated in the Penn & Teller challenge!"
"Mixed feelings about this place. The wait is monstrous (even for a solo diner, due to rude fools hanging out at the bar when they're done) and they ""don't do takeout when they're busy"" so I couldn't just give them my money and leave. Food was good, but seemed like it wasn't their best effort.

Host was friendly and polite, despite being frazzled due to the crowd- a 10 minute estimate for my seat somehow turned into 40+ which was more time than I spent ordering, waiting for my food, eating, paying, and visiting another store, but I digress- with business this busy, they must be good, right?

Torn between the shrimp and grits or the truffled egg sando, I opted for the former and was only half-satisfied with my order, but by the time I got my food I was too hungry to complain. Grits were okay, bacon was crispy and added both flavor and texture, eggs were cooked perfectly, but shrimp were small and overcooked- should have been blackened, not precooked and tossed on like an afterthought. They lacked flavor and the pico was the most stand-out element of the dish, and there wasn't much of it.

I'm not generally a fan of community tables, though they're not much different than sitting at the bar- but I did make friends with the super-sweet couple who dined beside me. They ordered the egg sando and insisted I get it on my next visit. I'll eventually get around to coming back but it sure as hell won't be on a weekend."
"Fresh fried fish from the seafood counter and a cold San Miguel from the refrigerator- it's like the Filipino version of fish tacos and a Corona, at least for me. Those are my staple purchases, along with whatever catches my eye in the produce department. Love how they clean and prepare your fish to go.

This store is surprisingly clean considering the lack of service- then again, the brusque attitude and lack of regard for others is also practiced by the customers as well. Go in knowing old ladies will cut in front of you, no one will make eye contact, and people will straight up walk into you without saying a word, and you should be fine.

Come here for Filipino staples, cheap meats, and the self-service fish counter. Do not come here for American brands (Doritos are priced double). I appreciate how they have gloves and hand sanitizer around for customer use, but no one seems to use it?

Always treat yourself to a meal or snack before or after your visit- the food court area has several quick spots (the jokes about ChowKing write themselves), but a cold sweet treat from Magnolia is my usual pick."
"Meepleville is such a great place to have in Vegas- the concept of gaming cafes isn't necessarily unique, but the immediate sense of community here isn't something you come across often in a city known for being transient and impersonal. If you go on the busier nights, you can easily merge with another group and make some new friends over a strategy game.  There's a flat $5 fee to play with access to all of the games, and monthly memberships available for $35/person or $60/couple (also includes access to member-exclusive games).

As someone who is new to gaming, I appreciate the amount of organization put into categorizing the many games and providing time/player info. Adam was great about checking in with us to make suggestions, ensure we understood setup and rules, had all pieces, and weren't in need of anything.  Some of the games I've enjoyed here so far include Survive (competitive), NogginNosh (trivia), Blokus Duo (2 player), and Timeline (trivia), in addition to staples like Cards Against Humanity.  There is now a cafe on site so you don't have to leave to grab a drink or a snack. You can really spend an entire day here with the right group. There is a reentry fee if you choose to dine elsewhere (or otherwise leave for whatever reason) and return same-day. 

Check their schedule for discount days (college ID, Mondays free after 5PM, BOGO days, etc), and special events. Note that their hours will be changing at the beginning of the year- the cafe will be open weekdays for lunches but their gaming area will not open til 4PM."
"I recently set up a game night here with a group of friends, and we had a pretty good time. In addition to gaming and cafe beverages, they also have a stage for open mic night. Several people were gaming without drinking, or coming in for a takeout drink without gaming. They're adding a food menu next month, and I'll be scheduling another game night to check that out too.

PROS:
+ Friendly staff, Jupiter and Kristina were welcoming and attentive throughout our visit.
+ Games available for play (400+) or purchase, whichever you prefer.
+ I liked the old school decor and the gaming trivia in the bathroom.
+ It's not super loud or super brightly lit, more comfortable than other spots.

CONS: 
- Drink menu needs some work. Out of 7 drinks ordered, two were pretty good (POG and Liquid Gold) while most others were unbalanced (too sweet, too strong, too bitter, too artificial). They offered to remake drinks though. Wonder if they'll be adding boba in the future.
- Games are not organized in any particular system. They don't have a huge amount to where it's overwhelming or frustrating but some sort of organization whether by age group, time commitment, or cooperative/competitive would be helpful for those unfamiliar with board games.

Looking forward to revisiting. Location isn't super convenient for frequent visits but I will definitely be back and prefer this location to others for group events. 

TIP: Don't purchase the Groupon, they'll honor the deal in store."
"Assuming you don't die in the parking lot*, once you make it inside the store, there's a lot of great finds here: good wine selection, plenty of international snack foods, seasonal decor, and artisan jewelry/accessories.

Their wines are carefully curated and I love how knowledgeable the staff are about the varieties they carry: the Dreaming Tree cab and Midnight Menagea Trois are among my favorite wines.

Snacks: they have several small cheese samplers, various crackers and flatbreads, and some smoked meats for snacking on with or without your wine in hand.

In additional to seasonal decor, there are a lot of home furnishing items- style is similar to Pier 1's bohemian chic vibe, love the furniture here.

Join their e-club for discounts, sales alerts, and a $10 gift card on your birthday!

*Seriously though, the parking lot is a fuster-cluck, drive with caution."
"Recently fell in love with Italian ice at another chain in the area, decided to see how CJ's compares- cool to see that they offer grab and go options, and also have additional desserts in the form of ice cream sandwiches and customization options like specialized toppings and waffle bowls.

Black cherry and chocolate ices are solid but I went with my favorite standby, root beer, which always tastes perfect when topped with custard. Here, they pack the cup with ice then top it with a tower of custard- a bit too much for my preferences, but good value at under $5 for a regular which was three servings for me.

I prefer a smaller ratio of custard to my ice, but the custard here (vanilla) also had a weird metallic aftertaste that I wasn't fond of. Not sure if it's specific to the vanilla, something to do with the ice-and-custard flavors playing off of on another, or perhaps an issue with the machinery, but I'll be by to try again."
"If you're in the M, this is their go-to 24 hour coffee shop. Their focus is more baked goods than coffee, though. Lattes are available in a plethora of flavors, but it'll be a buck to add syrup and they're overly milky. Perfect if you don't actually like coffee.

Baked goods are okay but made off site and kept chilled which ruins the texture for several items. They also have grab and go lunch items available like sandwiches and salads. Their chicken cesar wrap is packed with protein, which is appreciated considering it's $11 without a side. There's also a gelato case, tried a few samples but nothing I couldn't resist. 

Service is interesting. It's a walkup order counter with a slow-scrolling menu screen. Perhaps hand-held paper menus would be more helpful as many people needed extra time to see what they wanted to order, backing up the line. Food is out fast since items are already ready, and coffee drinks take a split second because they just add flavor. Dining room looks big but it's mostly full of people lingering with one person at a four-top so don't count on getting to eat your food on site."
"Have heard great things about their original location, but Downtown Summerlin is far more convenient for me- décor is on the hipster side with birds, natural wood, and far too many chairs around any given table. Also, apparently ketchup is frowned upon? More on this later.

Menu has several breakfast choices, of which I am not a fan. The soups and salads are all solid, but the sandwiches are hit or miss- please note that the Philly comes with Velveeta, which will put off many people (myself included). The Hero is delectable and a generous portion, too. The same can be said for the sea salt fries it is served with- the kitchen is a bit heavy-handed with the salt flakes, and despite the presence of Cholula at the condiment bar, I had to ask staff for ketchup. Who had to ask the chef to bring out a ramekin from the kitchen. For KETCHUP. At a place that serves FRIES. Found this incredibly odd and awkward.

The 5 cheese macaroni is one of the best I've had with a good, thick roux and curly cavatappi noodles. However, for a $7 side it's practically an entree it's so rich. Recommend cutting the portion and price to make it a side, and maybe offering an additional $9 portion as an entrée, perhaps with a protein."
"First: Ordered a pizza for delivery. A bit pricey at $25+ for a supreme, but the pizza was huge and loaded up with toppings. Crust was good, sauce had flavor, and there was plenty of cheese. Order arrived on time, if not a bit early. It's rare for me to do delivery, but this is a place I'd keep in mind for the future. Four stars!

Second: Came in to pick up an order of pasta. Location is cozy, staff was polite, order was again ready quickly. The chicken piccata has protein, pasta, a bread stick and a side salad, all nicely priced for $14. Unfortunately, the sauce makes this dish and it was lackluster. Something was missing, it was just okay. The side salad was ordered with bleu cheese dressing which seemed to be either a cheap bottled brand or made in-house by someone who doesn't know it. It was gross and ruined the salad. Two stars?

Third: Ordered takeout again, got the antipasto salad with the bruschetta app. Ton of food, around $15. The bruschetta was fine but the salad was a bust. Looked more like a plate of cold cuts with meats and cheeses on a scant handful of spring mix. ""House italian"" dressing was a creamy version that was gross and brown? The whole thing looked and tasted like it was made by someone who doesn't like salads for other people who don't like salads. But the bruschetta was good. Three stars it is.

TLDR: Stick to the pizza and maybe the appetizers. Order pickup or delivery through the app, they're quick and friendly."
"Good spot to grab an edible gift- I'm not a huge fan of popcorn myself, but it tends to be  people-pleaser. This place has by far the largest selection and kookiest flavors I've come across, and the staff are helpful and polite about providing samples.

The kettle corn was decent, and I really enjoyed the white chocolate flavor. I'm more into savory than sweet, and the pizza was interesting (think your usual cheese flavor but with Italian seasoning), but the wing flavor was even better.

I like how there are a variety of sizes available- mini, small, med, large, xl, and entire canisters. The store stocks a ton of gift containers and bags, making this an easy stop on your way to a birthday party or white elephant holiday party. I mixed it up with a few mini bags across the menu categories, and the recipient seemed pleased."
"Shopping at Costco is almost always a huge headache, and without fail, even after purchasing massive portions of food, I have no interest in cooking after shopping here and typically end up stopping for a meal on my way out- looking forward to the yogurt parfait treat is almost motivation to shop here in the first place!

Menu is simple, but the fact that they only accept cash is a huge pain in the ass.
The hotdogs, Caesar salad, hotdogs, and pizza are all of acceptable quality, even considering the very small price tags. Speaking of size, portions are beyond enormous. Order half as much as you think you'll need.

In addition to the cash-only policy*, the traffic jam of exiting people and their overloaded baskets stopping and causing congestion are additional downsides to the placement of the Food Court area. There needs to be a designated place for carts.


*Rumor has it (AKA, the tips on the app) that they now accept AmEx and debit here. Have not yet tried this myself. Thanks to Tracy P for the info!"
"I don't know what it is about shopping at Greenland, but every time I get fresh produce and groceries and cool ethnic ingredients to experiment with in the kitchen... I still feel an urge to grab a quick meal at the food court instead of going home to make one myself!

There are a few shops in the ""food court"" area and only a handful of restaurants: my preference is for the sushi counter, with each roll going for a low $7. Please note that dining in gets you larger rolls than takeout.
Red Gate is good for chinese options, Hot Tofu has vegetarian options (but not nearly as good as Mr Tofu IMO), there's also a Korean place whose name escapes me, and Tiffany Coffee- because everyone needs a caffeine fix.

Service in each of these smaller counters is usually good, I've never had ordering issues despite only speaking English. Bus your own tables. On weekends, they can get backed up with dirty dishes toward the back of the dining area."
"With a name like Glutton, I was expecting indulgent food- but there was nary a bone marrow, truffle-infused, or deep-fried dish on the menu, just your typical trendy-upscale-urban take on new American. Not that I'm complaining, it just doesn't fit with the logo and restaurant name.

PICKLED TOMATOES: Really, this dish should be called ""whipped ricotta WITH pickled tomatoes"" as the portion contains maybe six tomatoes and a fluffy heap of cheese. While I enjoyed this dish (hello, cheese and tomatoes with bread, what's not to love?!) and the criminally smooth texture, the flavors were a bit too subtle: cheese was mild to the point of being almost flavorless and the pickled tomatoes lacked any sort of vinegary or briney ""pickled"" taste. 
FURIKAKE STREET CORN: I'm not a huge corn fan, but I ordered this dish because it's getting rave reviews. It was just okay. A bit too much oil, but nicely charred kernels and interesting seasonings. 
WATERMELON & FETA SALAD: If the word ""feta"" is in the dish name, I expect more than a scant half-tablespoon in the entire salad. The salty, creamy notes that the cheese adds to this dish were almost nonexistent due to the skimpy portion used. That said, the textures and subtle sweetness of the watermelon, tomato, and cucumber together made for a fresh, vibrant summer dish.

Service was decent during my visit, and I enjoyed my seat at the kitchen bar watching the chefs in action. None of the dishes I ordered really lived up to the hype, or to the restaurant name. Perhaps dessert is where the gluttony kicks in: the PB&C and profitroles both sound great, I'll have to come back another time to find out.

ETA: It's not going to change my rating or anything, but the ""Buy a round for the kitchen for $5 to show your appreciation"" on the menu is extremely tacky."
"I've been on a serious sandwich kick lately. Popped into this new location while on the SW side of town running errands. Like the Sahara location, there's space for a bar and also outdoor seating. Menu and decor feature a 420 friendly theme, along with secret menu items, Kool Aid, and kids cereal-based desserts. Staff are laid back and friendly, particularly Audrey.

Ordered the Dank (pizza sub), staff suggested I upgrade to the Dank Sinatra (secret menu version that adds cream cheese and veggies), on garlic bread with a side of their house ranch- basically my freshman year diet. It's not fancy but it's tasty, and totally knocked out my cravings. Bonus points for having a decent vegetarian menu, as well as salads (not that I am likely to ever order them here)."
"The Suns are a terrible team, but the upside is that their tickets are cheap. It was a nice surprise to find that the $30 nosebleeds actually came with a decent view! Maybe this is due to the fact that the stadium itself is smaller than others, but regardless, we enjoyed ourselves. 

Layout is easy to navigate, concessions were reasonably priced with basic selection (beer, nachos, popcorn, hotdogs?), and our seats (section 202) were conveniently located right by the bathrooms. Parking is easy, with paid lots right outside being $10 cash and available even when we rolled in after the game had started. We ended up snagging metered street parking instead. If you're in town on a game night and have nothing better to do, grab tickets on StubHub and make a good time of it!"
"I don't understand what's going on here. They sell cupcakes, but have less than 50 cakes in the entire store (including three dozen-count box sets). The product takes up less space in the store than a refrigerator.  The rest of the space is set up for a kid's tea party? Not sure why anyone would think this concept would work in Tivoli Village.

Cupcakes are mini-sized, mostly sold pre-packed by the dozen with 6 flavors, so you don't get to pick which flavors you get. Menu indicates that they carry cake pops and regular-sized cupcakes, but I didn't see either product. Dozen is just shy of $14. Yelp check-in offer saves you ~$4 and you get the pack for $10.

As for the actual flavors? Dismal. The flavors I wanted to try from the website were not available in store (PBJ, wedding cake). The dozen set features very generic flavors: chocolate, red velvet, vanilla, yellow cake, etc. The cakes were overly moist (more like a pudding) and stuck to the wrappers, and they did not have much flavor, just sugary-sweet. I have no idea how this shop manages to stay open in this shopping center."
"""Hotdogs are made out of pig buttholes,"" my dad told me when I was eight. Needless to say I didn't eat another for over a decade and we've had a tense relationship ever since. But thanks to the gourmet hotdog movement of 2004, I've ventured out to try them every few months or so.

Enter Haute Doggery- located in the LINQ, touting Kobe-beef dogs with gourmet toppings. I opted for the Fun-ghi Dog, menu description: a char-grilled frank with grilled mushrooms, caramelized onions, truffle mayo and shredded Gruyere cheese.

It arrived covered in cheese, which was fine with me since I love cheese. But I quickly discovered that the cheese was a blanket of deception, meant to hide the fact that my $9 hotdog had a scant four mushrooms on it and so few onions as to seem missing or forgotten.
Oh, and I highly doubt that these are made with Kobe anything- and even if they are, their cooking method renders the quality of product useless. Listed on menu as grilled, it tasted boiled and lightly seared (which explains how it was ready in 3 minutes) and had ZERO snap. And the bun was unremarkable other than it being broken in two pieces before it reached my mouth. 

Pet peeve: receipt for walk-up restaurant has a tip line, but there is virtually no service provided. Even when there are only 3 people in the restaurant, order is called out when ready instead of walked out to the customer. Kind of tacky."
"Eater has been hyping this chain as an ""Asian Starbucks"" which sounds like a PC misstep but perhaps is a self-fulfilling prophecy when the first Vegas location is smack-dab in the middle of the busiest plaza in Chinatown. Note this location doesn't have a drive-thru like others in CA. Despite the parking chaos, I've popped in twice during their soft opening and I'm decently impressed by their coffee selection and the depth of flavor in their teas. The relatively limited menu compared to other tea spots is noteworthy in that everything I've tried so far is done better than most other places. It's also interesting to crowd-watch and see just how few people get boba here, it really is all about the tea.

The house coffee and the sea salt cream coffee are both stellar with ample caffeine and a not-unbearable sweetness, while the strawberry hibiscus is a caffeine-free option with fresh fruit better for afternoons and the matcha soy has a creaminess and sweetness on par with dessert- so something for every time of day. I can't necessarily say I'll be a regular here, as sweet beverages aren't a frequent occurrence for me, but it's definitely an option I'll visit when I've already found parking."
"Want to take photos with the weirdest statue in Vegas? I think I found it. Just behind the blue pagoda at this park is a statue that looks like a cross between a giant Frosted Flake, a child in a ghost costume, and the Hamburglar. I have no idea what it's supposed to be (some sort of Korean character), because the plaque in front of it is in Chinese characters and the one English plaque is weathered to the point of being illegible. It's a little weird, a little cute, a little kooky. 

The park itself is larger than it seems- there's a trail around the perimeter, two covered playground areas, and what used to be a sand volleyball court and is now just a giant cat litter box without any nets- ew. 

I like how there's a maintained grassy area instead of just all rock landscaping. The trails are limited but paved, and there's a small (~15 spot) dedicated lot. Be aware that it's located right behind a middle school and tends to get overrun with teens and tweens before and after school, so plan your outings accordingly."
"Taco Tuesday is one of the best days of the week, every week! Popped by to take advantage of TT discounts recently ($2 for select options), as this is the newest spot to open in the downtown area. Menu includes several vegan and vegetarian options in addition to typical proteins, as well as an extensive beer list (per the business name). 

My guy and I tried the majority of discounted tacos available- note that specials do not currently include any seafood tacos or crispy tacos. Favorites for us included the fried potato and mushroom tacos (both vegan) as well as the birria santa. Unfortunately we found the fried cauliflower and mole tacos to be a bit underwhelming. All tacos made on corn tortillas, made in house to order, though flour can be requested, per our server. 

Location is larger than it looks from the outside with fun and funky decor. I'm not often in the downtown area but do plan to come by to try the fish and shrimp tacos, as well as the brisket. Fingers crossed this spot sticks around longer than previous occupants."
"Maybe the trick here is not to use the drive-thru. I thought it would be wildly convenient, but it took 15 minutes to get my simple order, without apology or explanation. Menu is straight forward: tacos and burritos with all of the expected meats, small seafood selection and some quesadillas, and that's about it. 

Staff may or may not speak English so bust out your best high school Spanish. While you wait in the drive-thru, enjoy watching the staff make their own meals or snacks and eat them, then return to work without using gloves or washing their hands. As you wait for your own order, forgotten by the cashier.

Lengua junior burrito is well-sized but literally consists of just lengua and cheese. Probably a better option than ordering several separate tacos, if you're going to get them with all the same meat. The lengua itself was soft and flavorful and delicious, but the taste got boring after half of the burrito. Alas, I had not been given any salsas, dios mio!

Ceviche tostadas is two crispy shells and a small-looking portion of fish in a Styrofoam cup with avocado slices. Fish was fresh and had good flavor- simply seasoned with sal, pepino, y limon, but it really worked, especially with the creaminess of the avocado."
"Easily the best Chirashi bowl I've ever had- and also the most expensive, at $30, but worth it. There were 20+ varieties of fish plus eel, tamago, sweet shrimp, and a beautiful, crunchy fried shrimp head, beautifully arranged and absolutely delicious. Chef Hiro admits it's the best deal on the menu, and he's a very friendly guy.

That said, this spot has limited rolls and mostly focuses on fresh sashimi and nigiri- and it's not unusual for the daily specials to run $12-15 an order for specialty fishes. Definitely a spot that can add up quick if you go hungry. 

TIP: Desserts are made in house, don't go without getting one. The parfait-style green tea cheesecake is the specialty, but they also offer a black sesame panacotta."
"One slice of the ""house specialty"" pepperoni pizza (with a  bit of basil) will run you $8. Comparing Strip slices and prices, Secret Pizza is better (and cheaper). I found the crust a bit plain and dry, but the pepperoni was good and I liked that basil was included. But this was not as good as I expected, given the hype. I have to assume their Brooklyn location is either significantly better, or better-received because the prices are lower."
"I recently became a cyclist! Okay, so that's still probably a stretch because I'm terrified of the drivers in Vegas but thankfully, there's Bonanza Trail. It's in my neighborhood so I can hop on pretty easily and get from Decatur/95 to the Lake Mead- route goes by several city parks/rec centers and through some tunnels. It's mostly flat and fairly well maintained, and the views are nice. There are some areas by overpasses with accumulated trash and sometimes homeless people nearby but haven't had any issues with obstruction. Contrary to Mrs. G's review, there are quarter mile markers along the way for those tracking distance."
"Came by for the chicken shwarma plate, as recommended by our famous and fearless CM, Drew. I ordered takeout after visiting the bookstore next door, and it was a relatively short wait for my order: about 10 minutes.

Pricing was a little on the high side: got the chicken shwarma plate with two pitas and sides of cucumber salad and hummus ($12) plus a beef kibbeh ($2), bringing my with-tip total to around $15 for one for take out. A bit steep, but food was quality.

Came home to enjoy, and it was still piping hot, which was a good sign.
Chicken was well seasoned and moist, pita was soft and warm and didn't harden as at other places. Hummus had a good consistency and texture and was not chalky but was somewhat bland. Cucumber salad was standard. Would consider getting it again.
The kibbeh was a small fried ball of beef and onion for $2- probably a decent price for it but not worth getting, IMO. Didn't have much flavor and just didn't stand out at all.

Service while in store was good- they friendly and polite. They have a deli counter with various salads, a pastry case with desserts, and a few random grocery items scattered about without prices. To the bottom right of the menu, there's a specials board: the open face eggplant sandwich is new and sounds like it might be tasty. Will be keeping this place in mind next time I need lunch after the bookstore, or want a quick-fix to my shwarma cravings."
"Lone Mountain Trail baffles me, seeing as it's nowhere near Lone Mountain. But then again, Bonanza High School is nowhere near Bonanza Road either. But I digress. The trail itself lacks signage and I have no idea where it ends. I took it as far north as Doc Romeo Park, and it seemed to go through the park toward the north but then the bike lane disappeared altogether. Look up your route before you go. 

As others have said, it's not the best or the worst bike trail in town, but it is conveniently located to my home and work. I've taken the trail a few times, and the graffitti and safety issues mentioned in other reviews seem to have been resolved. Street crossings are fairly easy on this trail, either with an overpass or in well-marked crosswalks on slower streets."
"I've never been to Hawaii but I'm happy to eat the food! Came in a couple of times since new ownership took over, and found that this location positively compares to experiences at the Eastern location. Interior has been upgraded, staff have been friendly and attentive, and several new dishes have hit the menu.

Their plate lunch dishes are the focus, and the furikake chicken and shrimp are go-to orders for me. Took a friend, who really liked the teriyaki chicken. All proteins were juicy and not overly sauced, and amply portioned for leftovers. Got to try the new Avocado Fries app and was really impressed at how it maintained texture. Always go with an appetite and/or group, because their desserts can't be missed- the Kona Coffee Mudcake is my favorite, they also offer haupia and guava, all slices are $5 and the size of your head, easily. 

Some of the only things I haven't tried yet here are the poke and daily specials- but it's only a matter of time with dishes like kimchi fried rice. Both locations are a bit of a drive for me but this is the one that I prefer, looking forward to returning for the Poke Bombs and spam musubi.

TIP: Order your takeout ahead of time with GrubHub via the Yelp app. Not all dishes are listed (MP items excluded), but all the favorites are there!"
"Blueberry Hill is a Vegas staple- reliably tasty food in giant portions, available 24/7 from a family owned restaurant. I usually only frequent the location closest to my home, but I've been on the East side a lot for work and have popped in a couple of times.

Service is quick, food is out hot and fresh, and the menu is massive so there's something for everyone, for every meal, making it good for groups. They have a breakfast taco plate that is okay (I prefer it eggs only, without the meat) and their omelets are enough to serve as your only meal for the entire day. I don't come here regularly but it never disappoints."
"SHORT VERSION: They've been open a few months and the space already looks run-down, donuts on display are unattractive and old-looking, the ""fresh, made to order"" donuts are not fresh at all, and they're overpriced for  the size. Service is worst of all: 5 customers walked out after waiting over half an hour for their orders because staff prioritized Uber Eats orders and ignored the people who were present. Maybe they were understaffed, but those present were working in slow motion, ignoring customers' questions and concerns, and unable to actually put out product. 

LONG VERSION: Entered to an empty store, ordered 3 single donuts, received them in about 10 minutes, at which point there was a line. 2 of 3 donuts were correct, staff seemed annoyed about having to correct the one wrong donut, we ate correct donuts on patio. S'Moregan Freeman was dry, marshmallow was hard. Cristiano Rinaldough was okay. Their award-winning free-trade coffee was alright but oddly served with powdered creamer and no sleeves for the hot cup. Waited 20 minutes for our last PB Angelina Jelly donut, went inside to inquire and was told they're working on it. Meanwhile, the dining room is full of seated patrons but none of them have received any donuts. 20 minutes later, still waiting. Customers are walking up to the fabric curtain to the back work area where staff are hiding, asking about their orders, and are told by employees (who don't make eye contact or even turn around!) that they're busy working on an Uber Eats order first. When the rest of the patrons realized I'd been waiting over half an hour for one donut, they all up and left. No refunds, they were just done. A few minutes later, with more verbal prompting, Andrew finally locates our donut.. in a box on the counter. Staff were indifferent to the fact that several customers had left and in lieu of an apology said, ""Yeah, we still have 1 dozen to make for Uber Eats and another for PostMates."" The last donut? Lopsided and visibly smushed, tasted old, finally received after I asked for a refund and staff was unable or unwilling to provide it. 

PROS: They have patio seating, late-night hours, and fun donut names after celebrities. The toppings available are nicely on display in mason jars with tags and bows. But that's about it."
"Vegas has plenty of these places: half bar, half dining room, solid food, attentive service. The menu here has a seafood emphasis, with steamed mussels, seafood salad, and several specials (salmon, fish and chips, roughy) in addition to the usual apps, sandwiches, burgers, etc. 

The hype about the salad bar brought me in (available 10am-10pm?), but I ordered gyro salad instead, along with the soup of the day. Food was hot and fresh, especially the produce. The salad dressing and soup tasted like they were made in house, but the gyro meat seemed prepackaged. I'd try a different salad here in the future.

Dining room is going for an upscale vibe with dim lighting, table cloths, and flowers on each table. You can also order from the bar side, which has plenty of TV screens to watch a game. Bar area also has a piano, with live music and special events."
"My favorite Vegas nightclub- the location is the best part, it's small and exclusive, right on the water with a great view of the Bellagio fountains. The view is amazing and I love the fresh air coming in. If you don't plan on getting a table, the space is limited and the tiny dance floor is packed. The crowd skews a bit older here (30s rather than 20s), as does the music (Top 40 with some throwbacks mixed in, rather than chainsaws - uh, I mean EDM) which I prefer. Minor issues aside, the energy of the place when the fountain show comes on? That will bring me back!"
"So happy to see that WK has found a new home! I was heartbroken after they left their old space, and really appreciate management reaching out to message old customers via the Yelp reviews to let us know about the new location.

The most important info: they have 80 flavors, but garlic parm is the best. They now offer chicken strips in addition to the chicken wings and pig wings (not always available), order by the pound. New location is a counter inside of a bar, must be 21 to enter- dine in or take out. Friendly service, food made to order, can call ahead to minimize wait time.

Though the garlic parm has my heart, I tried the Jamaican slam and really enjoyed that- the medium garlic was medium but had not even a hint of garlic? Found the wings to be smaller and less meaty than past location. The wings are sold by the pound but did not seem to be that weight. One pound order, per menu, is at least 7 pieces- my order had 8, each pound is $8, works out to $1/wing which is on par with most places in town.

Dropping my review down a star- don't know if it's an ""absence makes the heart grow fonder"" thing or what, but I just remember this place being better. It's now a bit out of the way for me, and I will keep them in mind when a wing craving hits but won't be going out of my way to get out here regularly."
"A taco shop nestled into the second floor of a crowded plaza in Chinatown? Yes. ""China"" only seems to reference the location, not a new fusion style. The tacos here are DIY, in that you purchase your protein by the pound, which comes with tortillas, then visit the veggie station and salsa bar to customize. They also have an aguas frescas bar with several house-made options!

Their grand opening promo consists of a pound of protein with tortillas, chips, tacos dorados (fried mini tacos in sauce), mini sopes, and enchiladas (sauced crisped tostadas), all for $20. It'll easily feed 3 and the assemble-it-yourself style lets you adjust the veggie/protein ratios to your preference. While the asada was not very well seasoned, I really liked the flavor of the al pastor recommended by the server. The enchiladas, sopes, and dorados were more authentic than I expected, in a good way. I also especially like how their salsa bar is stocked with a variety of colors, flavors, and spice levels, along with cups and lids to take some home.

Location is festively decorated with hats hanging on the walls, colorful seat cushions and cloth napkins, and Loteria card menus.  I did not see but hope that they add sides of rice and beans, and an options for shredded cheese and flour tortillas (currently just queso fresco and corn). This seems to be a good spot for groups, so I'll likely bring in some friends soon. They also offer churros for dessert!"
"Flat $2 rate for printing from a USB drive- then 25 cents a page black and white. I found that a bit steep, but I was in a hurry. When they saw I was paying cash, they waived the page fee as I only had a single-page.

This spot is inside the Smith's grocery and run by a super-cute Indian couple who were quick and friendly. Yelp check in offer for $6 passport photos. Their signage seems to indicate that they may specialize in photo printing, but I didn't ask about pricing."
"One of the few places to get a Dole Whip Float on the mainland without paying a Disney admission fee- along with Broaster Chicken. Didn't know what that was until I ordered it, and it's a really good fried chicken that is super juicy and flavorful.

Dole Whip, if you haven't had it, is essentially a pineapple rootbeer float- pineapple soft serve in pineapple juice. Sweet but a bit tart, very refreshing. Goes well with the chicken they sell. Menu also has other typical salads and sandwiches, as well as coffee drinks and smoothies. Bonus points for having a drive-thru!

Service was polite but slow- gave us a warning our chicken would be a 10 minute wait, which is not a big deal because fresh food is good, right? But we were the only customers and by the time we left, 45 minutes later, there were four people still waiting for orders- no one had been served but us."
"I've come in a couple of times now and it's just A-OK. Happy hour is 1-6 PM daily, but they're closed Sundays (odd for a restaurant in a mall). Location is clean and modern, one of the better options as the Boulevard continues with renovations. 

First visit was for HH- menu of small plates are a flat $6, some are worth it and some are not. A 4 piece order of shrimp scampi is one of the better offerings, along with two small pasta orders. The more standard apps, like a 4 piece bruschetta and a basic house side salad, arguably are not. 

Second visit was for dinner- we got the lasagna ($14) and the pasta primavera ($13). Portions for both were generous and my dining companion seemed to enjoy his lasagna. The primavera had an interesting mix of vegetables over nearly a pound of linguini, all drenched in olive oil. This didn't have much flavor and felt very heavy for a vegetarian dish, thanks to all the oil. 

Service was green but very friendly on both visits. Oddly, their cheese wheel pasta menu was never brought to the table either visit, despite it being the main thing they promote on social media and their website. Note they have a BOGO pasta/pizza deal on Mondays."
"In Vegas, when the temperatures are 85-7000 degrees for more than half the year, shaved ice is a year-round indulgence. I'm not entirely sure of the difference between shaved ice and Fluff Ice but the ice-based treat here is, as the name implies, fine and fluffy. It's also surprisingly full of flavor and not watered-down as elsewhere. Favorites for me include the Thai tea, coffee, and coconut, and they're all made in house.

The cute cafe has plenty of seating and a menu of just ice, suggested combos with toppings, or the option to DIY, plus milk tea type drinks and smoothies. I've stuck to the fluff ice so far, topping with fruit and crushed oreos. If you skip the cookie topping, the ice itself is surprisingly low-cal for having so much flavor. If you can't make it by this location, they also have another (in Henderson?) as well as a truck that is at various community events and food festivals."
"24/7 donuts, bagels, coffee, and sandwiches- what more could you ask for?! Service is quick, fast, and usually bilingual. The bagel sandwiches are a favorite of mine, as well as their iced hazelnut coffee. 

If you need to grab breakfast for your work squad, call ahead for a discount: the Winchell's dozen (14 assorted glazed and filled donuts, bars, and twists) is entirely customizable and regularly $10, but calling ahead with a large order has saved me a few bucks, thanks to friendly management. 

But I keep coming back for the sandwiches: $5 for a bagel sando packed with fresh toppings, add a dollar for chips and a drink. The turkey is my go-to, but the BLTCC (BLT + cream cheese) is a tasty indulgence too, if you opt for savory over sweet. Note that the bagels themselves are not of stellar quality- they can be a bit hard (rather than chewy) even when they're not toasted."
"Each month I make an appearance to pay my car loan.
Somehow I usually luck out and get the same cashier- the older hispanic lady to the far left. 
That's not a complaint though, because she's fast and genuinely friendly, the type that will ask about your day and wish you a great upcoming weekend. I'm actually kind of bummed that I can't remember her name- first starts with an M, last is Delgado. It's on her nametag, I'm not a stalker.

Lines here tend to move fast, they have a lot of tellers present when I come between 3-5PM on weekdays, and I've never used the drive-thru. 

There also seem to be a lot of personal banking employees standing around or chatting by the desks. This location seems to be exceptionally well staffed compared to others."
"About six months ago, the divey Club Charleston bar closed. This place has now opened in the same space, with a minor facelift in the form of new signage. Interior also appears to have been cleaned out and aired out.

Not sure if there is new ownership or staff but the overall feel of the place is still the same and the original regulars from the former establishment appear to have come back- good for business, I guess. 

Wish they'd have gutted the place, started over, and gave it a better image rather than just essentially reopening the same bar, but it's a lot cleaner now than it used to be. Not clear on whether food is available, but they do specialize in pool tables."
"Sure they have black and whites to rival those at the Bagel Cafe, and their selection of fancy cake slices matches that at Patisserie Manon, but the piroshkis and bureks are only found here, on a covered tray above the pastry case. These treats are the best- flaky layers of pastry filled with your choice of potato, meat, spinach, or feta! Delicious, high quality, and oh so satisfying. 

The lahmajoon ""Armenian pizza"" mentioned in other reviews is worth a try- took mine home to heat and eat, an easy lunch when paired with a  salad. Simple but solid flavors, adding Bulgarian feta kicked it up another level.

Grab a $5 for $10 Yelp deal while they're still up, you won't regret it. They have daily specials, like Monday's $1 cupcakes from noon to 5PM. If they ever have a mushroom piroshky to add to the rotation...  I might move in to the apartments next door."
"Did this hike on Memorial Day morning- and surprisingly, it wasn't busy. Located inside of a neighborhood, the trailhead is in an unexpected place but easy to find. GPS the business address listed on the page then keep driving down the street til you see the small parking lot and/or cars paralleled on the curb. Park and follow signs, then head up.

My PHP (Preferred Hiking Partner) has done this trail before as a night hike, but I can't imagine being comfortable doing this with limited visibility- trail itself is clear but there are lots of rocks to navigate around, particularly the last quarter mile or so where it gets particularly steep. In any case, the daytime views of the skyline are gorgeous from the get-go and only get better the higher you go. Took us between 3 and 4 hours including a 15 minute break at the top- about 90 minutes up and a lot of slipping and tripping on the way down for me. 

As in other reviews, I recommend gloves if you have them and a hat- there's no shade whatsoever. Not sure I'd call this trail pet-friendly but we did see a midsize dog able to navigate all the way to the top without issues."
"I'm not much of a donut person, but Pinkbox consistently has fresh, photogenic donuts in a variety of fun flavors. Picking up a half-doz box makes for a great gift, but occasionally I'll grab one or two for myself- the cronuts, maple-bacon bars, and fritters are favorites, but just one or two of the red velvet donut holes can do it for me, too. The emoji and unicorn donuts are always a social media hit, though.

I'm rarely on this side of town but this location was clean and the staff were friendly. Even going later in the morning (around 11AM), there was a good selection of classic, gourmet, and specialty donuts. We were in and out in a couple of minutes and the box got devoured by our group after a meeting nearby. What more can you ask for? 

TIP: Order their unicorn donut cake for a special occasion!"
"I'm all for healthy choices and organic produce, and I realize both of those things come at a premium price- but $7.50 for a 14 ounce iced latte was a shocker! Food prices are more reasonable, with $8-11 acai and ""wellness"" bowls, but unfortunately purchases across multiple visits failed to impress: coffee was watered down and weak, acai bowl was small and less flavorful than other options around town (despite the organic produce), chicken quinoa bowl was basic and boring.

I like their colorful and detailed chalkboard art, modern decor and veggie planters on the patio, but the food needs tweaking because this spot should be highlighting how flavorful healthy eating can be! Judging by other reviews, the cold pressed juices seem to be their forte. Staff seemed too busy to provide individualized service or small talk, which is odd considering they outnumbered me as the only customer."
"Surprisingly good for food-court pizza. I didn't have high hopes, especially considering the rash of 5- and 1-star reviews, but dang. Great deli-style pizza, with tons of cheese and flavorful pepperoni. Despite being flung into the oven for under a minute, it was just the right temperature. Can't speak to anything else on their menu, though. 
Note that there is a credit card fee, and they do deliver."
"I didn't plan on going to Bosque, it was fate. Actually, I was lured over by the resident dog while visiting the adjacent coffee shop. I followed Bennie the Boxer in and found an urban garden of cacti, succulents, and plenty of things I can't pronounce and probably can't be entrusted with, given the epic Orchid Massacre of 2014. I just don't have a green thumb.

That said, while the Bosque was not made for me, it is a beautiful place to browse! The variety of plants packed into the tiny space is impressive, as is the knowledge of the staff. I overheard a few conversations about temperature, water frequency, and soil consistency that quickly reminded me that plant parenthood is not for me. For now, I'll have to settle for admiring the terrariums and decor from afar!"
"3.5 stars- very nice coffee shop! This plaza has so much to offer, glad to see there's a good place for a caffeine fix that isn't a Starbucks.

Went in and used $10 credit Yelp deal, was helped by lady owner who was super sweet and informative about what they offered- opted for their cold-brewed tea in hazelnut, an iced latte, and a lemon dome dessert.

Cold brewed coffee was amazing- they brew it for something insane, like 24 hours, and it's specially made to avoid using regular coffee plus ice, which changes the flavor of the coffee itself and is watered down as the ice melts. Owner is clearly very knowledgeable and it shows in quality of product they put out. Both drinks were tasty.

Loved the décor and ambiance of the shop itself- especially the shelves of books to peruse. Signage indicated that books are used available for sale, pricing is found in inside cover. Unfortunately, the two books I was interested did not have pricing listed, indicating that they weren't for sale.

Would come back for a caffiene fix in the area, love that they offer live jazz music certain days of the week. Very chill place to enjoy a cup and some conversation."
"It's pretty neat that the Cosmopolitan turns their (4th floor) rooftop Boulevard pool into a skating rink in the winter- better than that, they surround it with firepits and add a food booth where you can get goodies like pierogi, chili, soup, and grilled cheese, not to mention a make-your-own-s'mores dessert kit!

Staff are friendly and reservations for the fire pits are encouraged- though they have a few available for walk-in business, the place IS busy so you shouldn't bank on getting one. Skate rental, socks, and skate passes available to enjoy the ice- glad that they have a locals pass to cut some of the fees."
"As we ate our lunch, the table was divided over whether our experienced rated an optimistic  four stars (me) or three (everyone else). Unfortunately, the dessert course took it down rather than up. It's a good value for lunch, and the majority of four- and five-star reviews seem to be based on lunch experiences that emphasize the value: at $25.15 per person for a three-course pre-fixe, it's not bad. But it's not great, either. Diner who opted for the $16 wine pairing thought neither selection was particularly interesting, YMMV.

APPETIZERS: Table bread had a light char on it that infused a slightly burned taste, fellow diners were divided over whether this added to or detracted from their enjoyment. Would appreciate herbs added to the decent-quality dipping oil. The mezze platter features various dips and crudités, the hummus was one of the best local versions I've had with a great texture. The tomato salad was simple and tasty but went unfinished with our group. The crab cake ($10 supp) was extremely good, but also unexpectedly tiny. The much-hyped grilled octopus ($10 supp), which I'd most been looking forward to, was well-flavored but disappointingly overdone and tough. I was bummed to see the scallop and calamari options visible on their website were not on the available menu.
MAINS: The sea bass lacked seasoning but was perfectly cooked, broccoli side was unremarkable. The shrimp saganaki lacked flavor and the shrimp themselves were overcooked and cold instead of hot, fresh, and juicy. Lobster Pasta ($15 supp) has beautiful presentation but received mixed feelings at our table: I enjoyed the light tomato sauce while others found it bland and complained about the lack of lobster content and flavor in the dish. The chicken skewer was nicely seasoned and juicy but fairly boring, however the fries were spectacularly well done and paired well with the tzatziki sauce.
DESSERT: We didn't finish even half of any single dish from this course. The Greek yogurt was the only decent item, and had great texture, but could have benefitted from additional fruit garnish rather than a single berry and a drizzle of compote. Would have preferred this with honey and walnuts, as it was previously served. The fresh fruit plate looked like the dismal remains of a business meeting buffet. The walnut cake and ice cream was a dry, flavorless mess topped with an icy, flavorless glob. 

I like the option to do the pre-fixe but if nearly a third of the available options incur a fee that then doubles the price, why bother? The dishes are fresh and appealing, but the trend of overcooking-and-underseasoning dishes is a basic execution error I don't expect to encounter on the Strip. Meal for four with coffees and  tip averaged to $50/pp and was underwhelming to all, which negated the ""great food for a great value"" claims that brought us in for our visit in the first place."
"This is now the third location that I have followed Wing King, over five years. In that time, they've massively expanded their menu to an impressive 100+ sauces as well as salads, sandwiches, pizzas, burgers, and vegan options. This location is smoke-free compared to their previous space in Adrenaline (huge plus!). I don't especially love the 420 decor but it is tastefully done.

DINING IN: Went with a friend, split the #1 combo, tried several sauces. Thrilled that they have the same addictive lightly-battered, seasoned fries I remember. Service was polite but not particularly attentive, waited quite a while to place our order but food was out in a reasonable amount of time. Used Yelp check-in offer for the fried peach cobbler, which was better than expected. 

TAKEOUT: Ordered by phone, ready when I got there, friendly pickup service. I do wish there were a way to pack the fries so they don't get soggy, but the chicken itself? Consistently large, appropriately crispy and juicy. I really appreciate how you can get their low-price lunch specials for takeout, not just dine-in as elsewhere.

FLAVOR NOTES: 
Strawberry cheesecake- surprise hit, try it!
Asian Fantasy- my new go to sauce, sweet/spicy/tangy
Medium Triple Garlic- similar to buffalo, not distinctly garlicky?
Garlic parm- prefer as a sauce rather than a dry rub
Spicy Watermelon BBQ- too smokey, overpowered other notes
Blue Ranch- my preferred dipping sauce
Green chili ranch- sounded good but didn't care for it
Regular blue- underwhelming, no chunks of cheese in the sauce

GENERAL NOTES/SUGGESTIONS: Portion sizes are good, wings are only sold by the pound, and only one sauce per pound unless you purchase extra on the side. Dipping sauces are not included, I feel they should be (at least one per pound). Combos come with celery but not carrots. They now offer both cauliflower wings (low carb) and vegan wings (seitan-based?) to accommodate specialized diets, in addition to pig wings (similar to ribs?). Wish some of their apps came in half-size orders. Regardless, I will be back for more."
"Not sure why so many reviews are outraged and unnecessarily low-scoring: this place is about what you would expect for a Strip buffet that is not listed among the top best. This is not the Bellagio, this is not the Wynn, so scale back your expectations accordingly.

That being said, it is surprisingly large and when I went on a weekend for dinner just after 5PM, the wait was less than 5 minutes. Maybe some consider that a bad sign, but as we dined business picked up.

Came using a BOGO Groupon- all you can eat and all you can drink for two for $46. Not bad at all. Pricing was not available online to see what locals prices were or which deal was better, but gave it a shot. The $11.50 extra for all you can drink option is not something I'd pay to add on in the future- BF and I each had two drinks (beer and champagne, respectively) and did not feel it was worth it.

Food is divided up by cuisine style:
Seafood- snow crab legs and shrimp plentiful, but disappointed with sushi. Very little was out and it was all dry and falling apart as if it was left over from lunch or the day before. Was never restocked during our visit. Only consisted of simple cucumber, salmon and california rolls. Avocado in the CA roll was brown, ew. You'd think with crab and shrimp available, there would be a better selection.

Salad- loved the wedge salads available, haven't seen that many places!
Soups- only chicken noodle and tortilla were available, didn't look appetizing.

Italian- pastas all looked as if they'd been sitting out, but meatball was tasty. I'm mostly avoiding carbs, so I did not really spend much time in this area.

Chinese- very generic, did not have anything here.

Barbecue- BF enjoyed the prime rib, yukon gold mashed potatoes were delicious, barbecue pork shank was tasty! Despite signage for sliders, only fried chicken kept being put out. It was tasty but not my thing.

Dessert- Tons of cupcakes. Not sure why they're so large, seems wasteful as most people are only taking a bite or two and trying other flavors. Someone probably needs to rethink this.

Mid-Eastern- grilled veggies, chicken and lamb were all good, tabouli and naan flavorful, lamb tagine was surprisingly true to flavor.

Mexican- Like the Italian area, disappointing. All food was very basic and appeared to have been sitting out.

Salad- lots of cheeses, breads, and spreads available here. Opted for a lot of fresh fruit and got a wedge of brie with some fruity bread, very tasty."
"I went to Sambalatte just for their rainbow latte, but I'll return for their fun latte flavors like rose petal and pistachio. The inside seating isn't quiet as plentiful or cozy as other coffee shops, but the coffee itself is very good- the lattes are extremely smooth, to the point that flavoring isn't needed or missed. They have several baked goods (muffins, turnovers, croissants) and fresh eats (sandwiches, quiche). Though the Rampart location is closer to me, I easily preferred this one for it's large patio, drive-thru option, and friendly counter service."
"Open the door and prepare to be amazed. The unassuming strip mall location hides an incredible interior of crystals, candles, herbs, incense, and more, in a beautiful store. Displays of religious statues and beautiful art coexist with a selection of used books and every kind of spell ingredient you've ever heard of, along with some jewelry. 

Polite and soft-spoken staff are happy to help you find whatever you need. Limited crystal selection. I found it curious that there are several fun gifts sprinkled throughout the store, giving what could be an intimidating shop a bit of character but some may find it disrespectful. Items appear to be of very good quality, and many have labels that they are organic, handmade, or locally made items, such as the aromatherapy candles, bath salts, and incense blends. Prices skew on the high side.

There are several closed-off areas of the store where different services are provided like tarot readings, reiki, and such. A sign at the door indicates that various workshops and classes are also held here. This isn't necessarily my kind of place, but they definitely have beautiful and unique items you aren't likely to find elsewhere."
"Conveniently located near my gym and work, Veganbites is a good lunch option for those opting for meatless meals. Menu offers soups, salads, sandwiches, and spring rolls, along with Taco Tuesday specials and a giant, filled pastry case. There's definitely enough of a selection to satisfy anyone who walks in.

Recently popped in for lunch: Milano sandwich, tomato basil soup, ""fruit tart"", and green tea. $20 lunch was more than filling, sandwich was the standout with garlic marinated tofu that had good texture. The soup had a chunky consistency more on par with marinara than soup but good flavor, while the dessert fell flat- staff incorrectly identified the tart as fruit, covered in whip. Came home to a chocolate tart, crust bitter with straight cocoa. Would opt for a different dessert in the future.

Counter service available for takeout, table service for dine-in is a nice touch but was a bit much for the lone server and a packed weekday lunch hour. Loyalty punch card available, freebies earned after $50 spent per another review- hoping to get mine next visit as staff forgot. Will be back for spring rolls and a different dessert!"
"THE place to stop for ready-made Russian food to take home and enjoy! BF is from St. Petersburg and did not learn to cook traditional food before moving out here and most of the family recipes unfortunately seem to have died with older family members. Our hometown doesn't have much in the way of Russian groceries or restaurants, so it's always a treat when we find a place on vacation.

BF lived here at one point and this was his go-to place. Naturally we stop by every time we're in town. The grocery shelves have all varieties of pickled vegetable, fruit spreads, and buckwheat blends to purchase and enjoy at home. The deli case in the back has everything from fresh-cut creamy Havarti cheeses with dill to thick Moscow ham, both bought in bulk and enjoyed until they're gone. 
But the best part is their ready-made stuff: fresh pierogies and stuffed pastries, oliveye (Russian potato salad with peas and chicken), and beet salad. These go great with some herring, too.

If you want to explore some Russian culture by way of your mouth, this is as good a place as any to start. The employees are helpful and friendly, and the store itself is not limited to Russian but is just primarily what we go for."
"I'm actually really ticked off ever since I found this place... because it's so far from my home! Was considering a move to this side of town but ultimately didn't- now I'm regretting that decision.

Location is nicely decorated for the holidays with seasonal music. Employees are very nice, and there are several seating options. Really liked how the metal chairs had cushions to make them more comfortable. Lots of students studying, and loved to see that they serve pots of tea for dining in. Coming back soon for the Ruby Sipper with a stack of work papers!

At the barista's recommendation, tried the Spanish latte- described as being a little sweeter than usual, with condensed milk, but I didn't find it to be all that sweet. Wish they offered more than one size, as their cups are on the small side. Only a few baked goods in the case by the register, didn't notice others listed on menu, but they should definitely add to their selection."
"PROS: 
+ Sandy is the friendliest sales associate! Introduced herself, explained their sales and layouts, set me up with a dressing room, and was just really helpful without being at all pushy. Great positive vibes, they also have a Palm Springs location, and they're open Sundays!
+ Store is super clean with on-trend displays. I really like how they use wooden hangers instead of plastic, and have seating and nice full-size mirrors in the dressing rooms. The products may be discounted but this place doesn't feel cheap. 
+ Huge variety of clothes, including a mens section and some work-appropriate jackets and slacks. Pricing was pretty good, especially with their half-off sale going on.

CONS:
- They source from Kohls, Nordstroms Rack, Dillards, Bloomingdales, etc but I found some minor quality issues like loose beading and stains on some items. Fabric quality was very poor for some items, which make the discounted price more appropriate. The dresses in particular were often of very thin fabric that needed some sort of lining or undershirt to avoid exposure.
- Majority of clothing style seems intended more for teenagers and the juniors section of the mall than for adults unless you're looking for an outfit to wear to a club.
- If you don't love something, don't feel like you have to buy it or you'll miss out. Their returns/exchange policy is very specific. It's not unreasonable though.
- Limited selection of jewelry and accessories, would have liked to see more options or an area with belts or shoes."
"Run-down hole-in-the-wall bakery, you wouldn't know it's here if you don't stop in the plaza for one of the other businesses. They have a surprisingly large selection of pastries and desserts, but cakes seem to be their specialty- hence the name. Several whole cakes on display for purchase, and they have several delivery trucks so I suspect they mostly deal with special orders.

Noteworthy items they have here are Mexican wedding cookies, Napoleon cakes, and various guava pastries. I found their lemon and pineapple turnovers to be overly bready with minimal filling, unfortunately. Their tres leches cakes get a lot of love, but I have yet to try them as they don't seem to be available in individual portions."
"I love poke, but there really aren't any places on my side of town to get it. When I find myself in the North side area for work, I always stop here to grab a couple pounds. The Hawaiian, avocado, and spicy pokes are solid options. I have had the lomi lomi salmon a couple of times and once it was packed with fish accented with tomatoes, but other times it has been more like pico de gallo with the occasional piece of fish- not consistent. Stick to the poke!

No room to dine in, rice available until they run out. Some additional Hawaiian foods/snacks are available for purchase in the refrigerators and shelves. Service is friendly and efficient, there is often a line but it moves quick."
"With so many quick-service pizza chains opening up lately, Pizza Press wasn't on my radar. I went in to their Strip location at Fashion Show Mall after receiving a promo email and left hoping they open off-Strip soon!

Small but efficient use of space in a ground-level kiosk conveniently located just outside the parking garage elevator, staffed with two friendly ladies who made suggestions and asked about topping add-ons even when I opted for a premade specialty pie- my brain was too fried from work to figure out what I wanted. 

This spot stands out by offering a surprisingly expansive beer menu with draft options and reasonable prices, as well as vegan cheeses and a good range of finishers to add to your pie after it's trip through the oven: various drizzles and add-ons like arugula. The Chronicle, an olive-oil base pie, was loaded up with veggies and super cheesy thanks to the use of Chevre, which I don't see often elsewhere. 

Their regular prices are a bit high when comparing to similar business models ($10-11 vs $8-9) but I'm hoping they open off Strip for local convenience and lower prices. 

TIP: Follow restaurant parking signage in garage, take elevator to 1st floor, and it's right there. It couldn't be more convenient. Patio seating is a plus!"
"House Special Dac Biet is where it's at! It's the only thing I've ever ordered here, because it's good enough for repeat visits. The price can't be beat: $3.25 for a footlong sandwich on crusty, fresh bread. And they DO accept credit cards, without a minimum!

Interior is plain and reminiscent of a convenience store, with a single dine-in table and a few refrigerators of unlabeled products to buy, but I just stick to the sandwiches. Signage outside indicates their bread is fresh made every few hours."
"Somehow I never noticed this steakhouse inside Arizona Charlies, despite countless visits. A recommendation from Dana S put this place on my radar, and I was pleasantly surprised by the food, ambiance, and service. $26/person cardholder special is a great value: appetizer, salad or soup, plus entrée.

Nicely appointed upscale décor and matching quality of service. Tables are immediately served a bread basket with three gourmet butter spreads- the basil version is to die for. Could eat the whole basket and call it a night.

ESCARGOT: seven-piece app portion is generous, save some of your bread for this to mop up the excess oil and herb sauce.
STUFFED MUSHROOMS: sausage plus mushroom covered in cheese served on a puddle of marinara, even better than it sounds.
HOUSE SALAD: artfully plated, fresh produce, no downside to this starter salad
CHICKEN FLORENTINE SOUP: special du jour, packed with meat, generous portion
RIBEYE: Generous portion, but not the best I've had in town, not particularly flavorful. Horseradish sauce is super spicy, exercise caution.
FARMED TROUT: not seared properly, wish the skin was crisped. Generous portion, choice of preparation with lemon butter sauce with capers or lemon-pepper, served with asparagus spears.
CREAMY CHEESE GNOCCHI: disliked this, way too rich. Had a few bites, did not finish the portion or take with us. Flavor was not balanced. Staff did not ask why it was uneaten, was not removed from bill. Found this odd but sides are a cheap $4/ea with the combo deal.

Quality of most items was good, service was on point- rarely took more than two sips of my drink before it was refilled in a haste. All dishes brought out on a cart, nice old-school touch. Will be returning here, great value."
"New go-to place for thai take out!
Went in on Easter evening, and it was totally dead. Called ahead, despite the holiday they were keeping regular hours.

Placed order for silver noodle soup and yellow curry chicken with white rice, spice level 3. Order with tip and tax came to under $20 and was ready in about ten minutes.

Dining room is nicer than many other thai places, with bold red and yellow décor and heavy curtains to provide privacy between tables. Also saw roses in vases on each table. Nice to see a more upscale dining room without overinflated menu prices! Would come back to dine in for a date night.

Stopped by the grocery store on my way home, food was still hot when I got around to eating it. The soup in particular was packed with fresh veggies and a good portion of noodles. There were also bits of chicken and one single shrimp in the dish. Not bad for $7.50, though I'd prefer an extra shrimp.
Yellow chicken curry had a good heat to it at level 3, but the curry itself was slightly thinner than usual. Veggies included carrot and potato, and some larger chicken pieces. Curry was flavorful without being intense, and the rice was just right.

Gotta check out their $2 to go soup special, 11AM-4PM next time: no idea what soup it is, but they did the silver noodle pretty good.
Portions were well-sized: I ordered two dishes specifically so I could half-and-half them for dinner tonight and lunch tomorrow, and was easily able  to do so. Even had a little extra curry for a third meal."
"I guess when other Japanese curry options are clear across town, you gotta take what you can get. This location is pretty bare-bones but the service is really friendly and the menu has a lot of different options, including various meats for your curry and sides of different croquettes. They have dessert option, too!

The tonkatsu curry is most often recommended in the reviews, so I opted for that with a medium heat level and the coffee jello dessert. Started with the sweets because that's just how I roll, and was surprised at the quality. Not something I'd usually like, but solid and unique.
The curry though? Good-size portion for a good price. But the curry sauce that makes the dish was bland and almost flavorless. I guess I should have upped the spice, but the sauce itself should have had flavor aside from just heat, and I didn't find this to be the case. 

I can't say I'd come here for curry again, and looking through some other reviews I'm not the only one underwhelmed by the curry sauce. Hope they kick it up a notch: being the only option on this side of town shouldn't be an excuse to slack off."
"I was a little apprehensive to see yet another Mexican fast food restaurant open in this area- the Fun Tacos less than a block away is really struggling, what was Red Jalapenos going to do different? Well, the food and service are both better, for starters.

Menu has breakfast specialities- mostly traditional dishes like huevos rancheros, though I'd love to see them add breakfast tacos. I grabbed a takeout chorizo burrito for my first visit and it was huge but lacked cheese and salsa. Gave them another try for lunch, tried their seafood tacos (fried fish, gobernador, and a grilled shrimp)- all around, they were solid but it felt like the cook was holding back on the seasoning and heat. The shrimp were nicely grilled and well sized but I would've liked more flavor- the food looks good but needs more spice and flavor.

Service both visits was very attentive, offering chips, beans, and salsa while I waited for my orders. Space is pretty bare and drive-thru is not currently open, but hopefully if they amp up the food a bit they'll stick around."
"Fresh-baked cookies available 24/7, with delivery til 3AM and ice cream or milk as add-ons? No wonder this place is popular in college towns. I've seen this chain before but never stopped in til I dined next door. Walkup counter with a few bar seats, busy plaza so parking can be a hassle.

They have standard and specialty cookies, good-sized but a bit pricey. Tried the Smores and deluxe chocolate peanut butter cup flavors- you'll definitely have to share them, as they're super sugary. On the plus side, they hold up well if you want to save half for the next day. Texture is good, fairly soft and chewy. If you're already in the area and want dessert, it's not a bad option."
"What a fun event! Went with two fellow Yelpers and had a great time listening to music and munching on various bites. The weather was ridiculously hot and sunny for a couple of hours, but eventually the cloud coverage rolled in and things improved overall.

MUSIC: I'm not a huge fan of any of the musicians featured, but I enjoyed what I heard. Arrived in time to hear Andy Grammer's upbeat, poppy set, got a kick out of Needtobreathe's southern-flavored rock, Lifehouse got the whole crowd singing along, Matt Nathanson was engaging and a little odd, but Third Eye Blind was what everyone waited for. They mixed old and new songs (and more of the latter than I would have preferred), but I skipped out early to avoid the clustercuss of the parking lot... and the clouds of pot smoke. I didn't come here for a second-hand high.

FOOD: The bites were mostly under $5, and there were several featured vendors from chain places putting out their specialties (Raisin' Cane, PDQ, Shake Shack, Smoothie King, Lazy Dog, CJ's Custard) to local places and various food trucks (Clever Chefs, Going Green, El Ceviche, Aloha Kitchen & Bar, Violette's vegan). The low pricing allowed our group to sample several smaller items without spending a lot of scratch. Standouts include Lazy Dog's pumpkin cheesecake (the obvious award-winner in the dessert category), the gelati fruit bowl made from a halved baby watermelon at CJ's, and the tender and savory grilled chicken skewers at Aloha. The businesses with cooler treats (ice creams, slushes, Dole Whip) seemed to get the most  business.

ORGANIZATION: I found it odd that bags weren't checked at the gates, and I wish this event allowed you to leave and reenter (I don't know how anyone stayed the entire day, the heat was brutal). That said, crowd control was effective, I saw few smokers (it was technically only allowed in ""designated areas"" despite being an outdoor event), and there were ample portapotties.

This is definitely an event I'd come back to! Check Groupon for tickets leading up to the event- at $16 presale and $25 at the door, Groupon had 'em for $13 (and you could stack on a 20% discount for a total just over $10). Go with a group to try the most, bring a blanket for seating, and carpool for the easiest experience."
"Conveniently located to me and packed with books, Amber Unicorn is a treasure trove for literature lovers, complete with the unique old-book smell that serves as their aphrodisiac. 

The store itself has ceiling-high shelves (and plenty of footstools) to navigate, with yellow signage indicating different sections by row and shelf. There are extensive Sci-Fi and Military History sections here, as well as Mystery/Horror and Romance. The teen/YA section is a bit sparse, but I did notice that there were several teen vampire series stuck in the regular section with Stephen King and Anne Rice.

My only criticism of this place is their organization- for the life of me, I could not find a section for Memoirs and as much as the placards for different departments was helpful in some regards, I almost would have just preferred a general Fiction section organized by author's last name."
"Maybe this mall was cool a couple of decades ago, but the store selection is currently pretty sad and the mall itself is dated and run down. Your staple stores like Aeropostale, Hot Topic/Torrid, Bath & Body Works, and the Hallmark store can be found here, along with the odd choice of Frederick's and Sleep Number, but no one really seems to get much business and everyone seems to have clearance signs permanently posted in their windows.

I'm sure there are exceptions, but the customer service I've received at many of the stores here over several visits has been dismal at best- consider yourself lucky to be acknowledged. Don't be surprised if you witness shoplifting or loud fights between couples... none of the staff bat an eye."
"The $20 AYCE small plate brunch sounded like a pretty sweet deal, so I rounded up some friends for a Cinco de Mayo recovery brunch. We tried most of the dishes while listening to live music and a good time was had. Some dishes were better than others, but it's one of the better deals to be had downtown with a variety of fresh-made dishes to suit a group without resorting to a buffet. Drinkers can add on a bottomless option for $10 more.

The GOOD: Monkey Bread we were served upon seating was syrupy and sweet but not overwhelmingly so. Shrimp & Grits was surprisingly creamy and cheesy. Both the Crab Cake and Classic Benedicts were pretty good, with perfectly cooked, yolky eggs. Silver-Dollar Pancakes were better than expected, topped with a brown sugar topping. Eggs & potatoes were a surprise hit, with well-seasoned potatoes with a heavy hand of rosemary and a bit of chorizo mixed in for kick. 

The rest: Texas French Toast was not received despite multiple requests. Chicken & Waffles had a dry protein. Biscuit & Gravy was flavorless in both components with an unpleasant, soggy texture. Jambalaya was bland and the chilaquiles were phoned in with a handful of stale chips and a scoop of salsa. Pastrami Skillet Hash was poorly received by others, so I didn't try it. Fish & Chips was overly breaded and not crispy. ""Pigs"" in a blanket was comically served with one tiny wrapped sausage dwarfed by the mini-skillet it was served in, and overly sweet with a maple sausage wrapped in a pancake and then further drizzled with maple syrup. 

 Our server was nice and fairly attentive. There were no issues splitting the bill (always a risk with group dining) and server was okay with one in our party ordering from the a la carte menu. It wasn't til I actually wrote out this review that I realized how many more misses than hits there were regarding the food- having the right company clearly makes a difference with your experience. All in all, about what you'd expect for $20."
"Over the past year, this location has changed names three times (first Caspian, then Babylon, now Afghan), but has consistently kept a menu of kabobs. I am unclear whether the ownership has changed, but location interior remains a banquet-like space with some added decor since my last visit.

The kabobs and rice are the best bet here, everything else has been hit or miss. Kabobs available a la carte or as combos with rice, salad, and bread. The lamb is my favorite. The rice is absolute soft, long-grained perfection... but I've been disappointed with the salads, which have entirely too much onion and use underripe tomatoes. 

Pricing is confusing, my total was $10 more than calculated from menu prices. Location is odd, seems to be set up for event rentals and catering but there's never anyone here. Food is fair, but I don't understand why the constant business name changes if they're not going to improve the business to a format that makes sense for the location."
"Smog checks are an annual and necessary inconvenience when you own a vehicle in Vegas. Super Smog One is a great place to get it done, and the high ratings prompted me to plan a trip across town to pick this spot over others. 

Service was extremely quick- I pulled up, was immediately attended to, and remained in my car for the entire transaction. Yelp check in discount was honored, no reference was made to the car wash part of the wording. 

I can't say that the smog experience here differs greatly from the norm but the service is polite, and it feels good to support what appears to be a small family business rather than a large chain."
"Surprisingly good HH place: 3-6PM daily, with cheap drinks (including a large $4 glass of sangria!) and multiple $5 food specials. Combine both and add in their free chips, salsa, bean dip, and grilled peppers/onions, and you've got a large meal for under $10.

Sangria isn't as fruity as I like- seemed like the fruit was added for presentation but not present in flavor. Chips weren't too oily, tasted fresh with a light sprinkle of salt. Salsa and bean dip were decent. Tried the fish tacos on the specials menu, one of the healthier options on corn tortillas with grilled fish instead of traditional fried. Filling portion, great price.

Décor is nicer than the exterior led me to expect, bartender was a really nice guy. You could spend a week hitting all the HH places in this plaza alone but this is one I might actually return for. 3.5 stars, rounding down until I try more of the menu."
"Similar to the Container Park- lots of small shops compactly arranged in a mall-type area. Lots of variety, but currently about a third of the storefronts are still listed as ""coming soon""- among them a gelato shop, a new location of Bronze Cafe, and a Ramen-ya. 

Available businesses include Hawaii Cookie Co, a waffle shop, and Turkish Ice Cream, along with several boutique-type stores (Swarovski, Alex & Ani, Lush, a kids luggage store?) and even one that sells photos of fake Vegas marriages to fool your friends, family, and social media following. 

TIP: It's a bit confusing to get to these shops because there's no signage from Bally's-  from that casino, if you just head toward the valet area and walk across the street."
"Nothing draws a crowd quite like BOGO grand opening offers- see opening week reviews for H20 and Zero Degrees for some context. In short, if you build it (and discount it, and advertise it on Facebook), they will come, en masse. I was able to take advantage of their opening offer with Tony T and Chris V, who graciously allowed me to crash their party even though I didn't wait on site (using the time instead to hit a nearby gym). Foodie Friendship Goals!

In short, Sushi Factory was pretty average for AYCE in Vegas. Fish quality was okay, with nigiri sliced a hair thicker than elsewhere rather than paper thin as experienced at other openings. Unfortunately, a lot of the fish was flavorless and bland, and the rice was both falling apart and lacked any discernible vinegar notes. But they make up for it with some standout dishes like the Spicy Tuna Tartare stacks (they also have a salmon version), Coconut Shrimp, and a carpaccio dish. I also appreciate their selection of hand rolls and riceless rolls, as this is a place where those who stick to nigiri are likely to be dissatisfied. Their dessert menu is very limited, but that's not what I come here for anyway.

Service was fair, considering they were predictably busy with lines literally out the door with a 2 hour wait. Other reviews mention limited servers and slow speeds but I didn't experience anything distressing. Typical new-business kinks coupled with large crowds should be met with at least some modicum of understanding by customers who opt to come in under those circumstances, which is why my rating is rounded up instead of down."
"Dave Chang's Vegas restaurant lived up to the hype and then some for me. I've visited twice but have yet to try their pricier large-format menu items, with combinations like fried chicken and caviar or salt and pepper lobster and shrimp- maybe someday! That said, a recent weekend walkup lunch for two was great and our total was less than we'd expected for the quality of our meal.

I've genuinely enjoyed almost everything I've had here, from the lamb ribs (so gamey, great sauce!) to the bossam (share with a friend!), and sides like garlic noodles (simple but so good). Their bao are sold in single-orders for ~$7, and I preferred the chicken over the pork belly.

I have not yet tried the chirashi (priced at a cool $42) or the ramen, but this is on my short list of places I recommend regularly to friends coming to Vegas specifically for food. 

NOTE: There's a limited ""afternoon"" menu (daily, 3-5:30PM) and late night bar menu (11PM-midnight). Pop next door for dessert at MilkBar afterward."
"I've been to this particular buffet for breakfast, lunch, and dinner over the past year, and feel it's a solid three stars. The selection is pretty good but dinner has been underwhelming- lunch is your best option.

Breakfast: Typical breakfast buffet selection. On weekends you may luck out and find shrimp and grits, which is done excellently here. Other than that, it's just fine. Nothing in particular stands out.

Lunch: Best time to go, selection is large and you'll have most of the dinner options. Start with massive salad bar, end with a smorgasbord of desserts including a gelato bar. The Mexican food options are surprisingly solid.

Dinner: Underwhelming. Little to differentiate it from lunch options. Seafood selection (my favorite) is limited, sushi quality is comparable to a grocery store, shrimp are small and not very clean. 

Service is consistently good, and you can find locals discounts pretty easily. Always surprised by how busy this place is."
"Come for the Nitro cold brew, stay for the fancy-pants pastries!  Made a special stop to this side of town to try this place, and really enjoyed the cold brew- it was especially bold and smooth, and the friendly staff were quick to offer free samples. Great way to get your next-level caffeine fix in the Vegas summer heat.

When you walk in, you're immediately distracted by the photo-perfect gourmet pastries. An olive-packed scone was a steep $4, and a touch dry, but had a great harmony of flavors going on. Shelling out $8 for a pastry and a 16oz cold one is a bit steep, but they seem to be going for a bit of an exclusive vibe here and have great quality. Not familiar enough with the area to know if this will help them or hurt them.

The exterior doesn't have anything to indicate that it's a coffeeshop (just MOTHERSHIP, no traditional coffee signage), so you kind of have to know about it. They have a limited menu of about six coffee beverages, and only offer one featured flavored drink. I found the large standing-height table and no bar stools setup in the dining area a little cold and unwelcoming. Not really a place to linger."
"The Sahara location is my home base for this gym chain but I've slowly been visiting this one more, as it is close to my office and has a slightly different class schedule. I had last been here years ago when it was a Gold's Gym, and though the layout is essentially still the same, it is now much cleaner and feels more open. 

There is no cardio theater at this location but they do have two group class studios, where I've taken body pump with a couple of different instructors- Cathy C being a favorite. Most of the equipment I've used has been in working order, and I can reliably go in and get a workout done. Kids Club available specific hours for those who need it.

But there's still room for improvement. The front entrance area with a gate is awkward, and check-in staff have no personality or energy. Locker rooms are tired, dark, and outdated, and there is a visible need for repairs, including a straight-up missing bathroom stall door.  I've heard good things about personal trainers at this location but haven't used them myself."
"2016 was a much better experience! Going after Christmas probably helped to avoid the crowds, but it was still pretty busy on a weekday evening prior to New Years. Came with a friend for a dance event, and when that didn't go so great we ended up wandering the forest area for about an hour. The are several trees decorated by local area companies and organizations, very similar to the Christmas in the Park in San Jose. There's a cute path through the area, holiday tunes playing, and a festive feel to the grounds. 

For kids, there are several rides available as well as photo ops with Santa. There are a few different food booths, as well as a gift shop upon exit. For adults (and teens!) with extra time during the holidays, volunteer shifts are available- you can get small gifts and a meal while you're on shift, and an admission ticket to use later. Opportunity Village does so much locally, and it's great to see that their holiday event has grown and improved!"
"Dismal Strip casino. I've been here twice in the past year, and both times were for events that were scheduled here, not my own choosing. Frankly, there just isn't anything here to draw business.

Restaurants I've been to are not noteworthy. The Zumanity show hosted here is one of the lower-rated Cirque shows but is also adults-only, despite the casino itself being set up to appeal to families with children (hence the roller coaster).

Interior is the same as any other casino, rooms and meeting space is dull and dated. Glad to see they're getting some new business in (like Tom's Urban) but it's going to take more than yet another overpriced bar to get people in the door consistently."
"When they call La Santisima a gourmet taco cafe, they're not kidding- there are so many different types of tacos on the menu, it's overwhelming and difficult to decide what to order! Add in the massive salsa bar and I was a fan before I even tried a bite.

This place is tiny, so go off normal dining hours or expect a wait. We lucked out and got seats at the bar, and ended up getting to try an extra margarita that was accidentally made for a large party. While you wait for your order, cozy up to the salsa bar, where they have ten different options ranging from mild to mouth-on-fire. The strawberry one was my favorite, but the tomatillo was really good too.

We ended up trying five different tacos, and they were all good in their own ways- this is a place to skip the generic fried fish tacos and go for the stuff that's really out there, like chicken mole and things you have difficulty pronouncing correctly. Will be coming back next time I'm in town to try more!"
"Fresh-cut meats on fresh-baked bread, Mike's way. The subs here aren't that inventive but the meat makes the taste better than competitors like Subway or Scholotzsky's. BF swears by their Italian, and a Giant size will set you back $14, which to me is absurd for a sandwich. But it's over a foot long, so...

Service at this location is a bit hit or miss. Their open sign is never on, but they have one on the front window...with the cord hanging down, not plugged into anything. Totally bizarre."
"Nothing goes together like dense, walkable urban spaces and ride-share programs. Lyft opened the art park concept in DTLV about a year ago as a designated pickup and dropoff location for the downtown area. Park is centrally located by LV Blvd and Fremont with easy access to the Container Park and surrounding areas.

The park itself features art installations from Burning Man, as well as games to play while waiting for your ride. Lyft's concept of taking parking spaces and repurposing the footprint as an interactive art display is innovative and fun- great for photos and local art events. My current favorite piece on display is the giant metal swan, which is actually a vehicle you can get inside. When originally used at BM, it also shot fire out of it's head. Good spot to visit both day and night, as some of the pieces light up while others are only able to be accessed during the day for safety. 

TIP: Airstream trailer space has phone charger access!"
"A coffee shop inside of a library, what's not to love?! This little joint goes above and beyond, offering both beverages and hot/cold foods, in addition to healthy snacks and even school supplies. There's ample seating and a community atmosphere, and none of the librarians make frowny faces when you take your coffee in with you to grab your books! 

Pay attention to the board out front with the specials- a recent peppermint mocha rocked my world, and they offer surprisingly hearty hot sandwiches considering their small space and reasonable pricing."
"I've heard less and less about Koi over the years, but only recently made it in for a meal. I've been to the lounge for a few events that had passed apps but decided to get the pre-fixe meal for our dinner date here.

APPETIZERS: Edamame, miso soup, and shishito peppers. Standard dishes, nothing unusual. The shishito peppers were better than expected, but could have used more of the sweet soy sauce.
SIGNATURE PLATES: The Hamachi Fusion was the same as the hamachi carpaccio with jalapeno dish that is popular elsewhere. The signature Koi Crispy Rice is a favorite of mine, but BF found the rice to be dense and gummy. I was disappointed that there were only two pieces in the order. The Creamy Shrimp Tempura was a surprise, lightly fried and lightly sauced instead of covered in mayo as I had feared. Light flavor, large portion.
SIGNATURE ROLLS: Baked Crab Roll could also be called the basic crab roll but at least it was fresh. The Geleno roll (spicy tuna, spicy albacore, jalapeno, crispy onion, spinach chips) sounded like it would be nicely spicy but it was pretty tame, and lacked the texture I had anticipated from the onion and spinach. The Sunfire Roll (lobster, snow crab, cucumber, cilantro, mango, avocado) was light and refreshing but could have used a sauce to pump it up a bit more. 
We also added on the salmon carpaccio dish with black truffles and citrus- it was probably the best dish of the night despite the heavy-handed use of truffle oil. The sashimi was nicely fatty but very thinly cut, the microgreens added texture, but the dish overall needed more citrus and less oil. 
DESSERT: The Koi Cheesecake was very cheesy, as in not sweet as a dessert is typically expected. The white chocolate walls, whipped cream, and fruit used in the plating were necessary to make the cake itself palatable. 

Overall, we were let down by the food. The atmosphere is nice and staff were attentive and polite, but the dishes just didn't impress. While their fish quality may be high, I didn't notice enough of an upgrade to compensate for the lack of flavor- I've had more interesting rolls at off-Strip AYCE spots.The signature dishes were okay, we just expected better."
"Location is the epitome of a hole in the wall- from the outside. Inside, the decor is cute and full of personality. There's a stage area and instruments set up for karaoke and performances, though I've never seen them actually in use.

Sun herself is there at the counter, day or night, offering samples of thai jerky and anything else on the menu- what that includes, exactly, I'll never really know, since I only get the jerky. They do have cute chalkboard menus suggesting chef specials and customer favorites, but I still come for the jerky..

The regular beef teriyaki is my jam, though I sometimes snag a bag of the hot for my guy- all of their hot flavors are generally pretty mild. They also have buffalo and salmon jerky, the latter of which I'd never heard of and don't really care for, despite loving salmon in all of it's other forms.

TLDR: Come for the jerky, stay for the karaoke?"
"Located just before you reach the food court in the Venetian by the gondolas, Lobster ME is better than it needs to be. Rolls approaching the $20 mark are not huge but packed with meat instead of filler, and served with kettle chips and a side of coleslaw- a $4 upcharge will get you fries and a drink. If you don't want a roll, the fish and chips features haddock and is a generous portion.

Service was quick considering their steady business. I appreciated the sriracha and other hot sauces available on the table to kick up your seafood. Add a Maine Root root beer to complete your order. Seating is somewhat limited, mosey down the hall a hundred feet for additional seating if needed.

Note that they currently have a promotion to join their email list and get free fries with your purchase. Not bad."
"Taco Bell has really been pimping out their Happier Hour specials with the rolled tacos and $1 drinks. Figured it was a safe spot to grab a late lunch/snack to share with my BF, as we'd planned on a late dinner.

Ordered two of the tortilla rolls and a medium Baja Blast, and was really confused when my total came to $6. Figured maybe I was early for the HH pricing or had missed fine print somewhere. Order was out quick via drive thru.

And when I pulled up at home I realized the mistake. Somehow my order was doubled to two of each of the two tortilla rolls, and a nacho wrap was thrown in. A little frustrating, since that now made a gigantic amount of food instead of a snack, and I hate wasting.

But then I tried the food. And the nacho wrap was about the only thing that was edible. The tortilla rolls were two different types: a chipotle chicken flavor that was somehow just a couple of grilled chicken pieces and a ton of sour cream, then a chili cheese fry flavor that had spicy chili in an amount that seemed like it was trying to cover up the fact that the potatoes were burned. And oh yeah, there was no cheese. Weird.

The Baja Blast was just meh. I'm not a caffeine fan and for some reason I thought this drink was more of an Icee/Slurpee, but it's just a flavored Mountain Dew. 

Even with the order being butchered and the food being subpar, I didn't expect my stomach to hurt afterward. Yet it did... and from the other reviews here, that seems to be a regular occurrence."
"Heads up, this spot is popular and always has a wait. I mean always. Like even at 2AM you'll be told something absurd like 45 minutes. Call ahead or go to their website, there's a way to hold your spot in line ahead of time.

But the reason this spot is always busy is their low prices, huge portions, and good food. It's not high-end dining but they put out good prime rib ($15) and Southern specials like chicken fried steak or chicken ($10?), both of which come with an awesome white gravy. Most meals come with a potato/rice and soup or salad, and you'll get filled up.

Other menu options include burgers, sandwiches, and daily dinner specials (meatloaf, pot roast, etc). The small special shrimp cocktail ($4) and French Onion Soup ($5) are decent add ons if that somehow isn't enough food for you.

NOTE: You cannot order their chicken and ribs here, you must go to their separate BBQ restaurant space around the corner. Whichever one you go to, make sure you get a root beer!"
"The food was good, but it took two hours for a three-course pre-set breakfast. Dining room was attended by three people: one server, one food runner, and one busser, from the looks of it. It didn't seem like any of them were communicating or multitasking. 

Came in for their breakfast Restaurant Week special menu: $20 for three generous courses and a $5 donation to Three Square. Food was fresh and healthy but took a ridiculous amount of time to come out, drinks were not refilled, and additional items were forgotten.

NATURAL GREEK YOGURT AND ORGANIC HONEY: Generous amount of delicious honey, simple but really tasty. Good quality ingredients.
MIXED BERRY PARFAIT: Same yogurt and honey, with granola and fresh berries. Even better than the other version, would get again.
CALIFORNIA STYLE OATMEAL: Unclear whether this was steel-cut but the oatmeal itself was flavorless and needed the additional honey, granola, and fruit to make it palatable.
MEDITERRANEAN OMELET: Fresh salad, crispy potatoes, and stuffed omelet. Liked the feta that they used, think this would be even better with some olives.
PEAS, EGGS, AND FRESH TOMATO SAUCE TERRINE: I was expecting something like shaksuka, and it looked like it, but the sauce was light on the tomato flavors and mostly peas. Didn't really care for this. 
SHREK SKILLET: Huge portion, lots of flavors and textures. We weren't asked how we wanted our eggs cooked, and they weren't sunny side up or scrambled as the menu states but overcooked. Minor disappointment, because the smoked Gouda and the veggies were my favorite part and the sausage was solid, too.
PICK ME UP FRESH MADE PANCAKES & WAFFLES: The pancake was odd, looked like a premade biscuit? Perfectly round and crispy, but the texture was off. Waffled was Liege-style and delicious, sweet and the right balance of crisp and chewy. Both were served with syrup, more fresh berries, and an awesome fresh-made chantilly cream that I really enjoyed.
COTTAGE CHEESE AND GRAPEFRUIT: Just what it sounds like. Not sure why it's on the menu, if anything it should be a first course. Did not care for the cottage cheese, but if you're going to serve grapefruit please also have the spoons.

Note that the receipts include an 18% auto-grat regardless of party size. 
Like I said, the food was good. Good quality, great flavors, super fresh. SIgnage indicates their breakfast is new, other reviews make their dinner dishes sound even better."
"There's still an old-school movie-rental spot around? Damn, too bad it's literally 30 miles away from home! Once the initial novelty wore off here, it was underwhelming, but I'd come around  and enjoy this spot if the distance weren't an issue... 

But there's no organization to the madness! I like hunting for treasure at local book shops and thrift stores, but here, there's horror in the comedy section, comedy in the drama, and no alphabetization or any identifiable organization system in place at all. In the words of a favorite meme, ""Can't [find] shit, Captain!""

And the candy. Ugh. The barrels ringing the room are (barely) stocked with a few basic types- mostly old school  varieties you'd pick over and leave behind in your childhood Halloween bag. I don't see the appeal. Stock unique foreign candies or the hard-to-find stuff instead- and keep it fresh!

Service is hard to come by. I browsed for several minutes and was never greeted or helped. But I realized the massive disorganization in place and inquired about a particular DVD, and was helped by the dude at the counter. Their rental pricing might be cool (on par with RedBox) but their purchase prices aren't going to win them any fans ($20 for a basic 2009 comedy?!)."
"With a name like Mia Bella, I was expecting an Italian-heavy menu of pizzas and pastas. While there are a few pasta dishes (like the spaghetti and meatball lunch special), the ownership and kitchen strengths are Mediterranean. 

FALAFEL PITA LUNCH ($6): Pita arrived packed with several (6?) fresh-made falafel balls and tomato-cucumber salad. The falafel were crunchy on the outside, soft and flavorful on the inside. Wrap is served with a side of fries and two squirt-bottles of tahini and a spicy green sauce to kick up your pita. Light and tasty, would get this again.
SPAGHETTI LUNCH: This is a three-course monster meal, starting with an incredible lentil soup with a side of fresh, chewy bread, then continuing with a massive bowl of spaghetti and meatballs. The spaghetti and sauce were decent, but the meatballs themselves tasted odd, as if they were mostly breadcrumb or filler, though they didn't look it. Unsure what meat is used in these balls, did not care for them. The dessert was a panacotta-like yogurt topped with nuts and sided with rose water, oddly reminiscent of an Indian dish but quite tasty.

Service was attentive and polite. Space is larger than the exterior suggests, with two dining rooms and covered patio seating. No drink fountain, but coffee and bottled beverages available in a refrigerator. 

NOTE: this spot is only open weekdays, and closes early at 6PM. If you plan to stop in, make sure it's early."
"Tried this spot at a recent car meet that was on my side of town- the truck can frequently be found outside of a popular strip club, but I couldn't justify the trip across town just for a dog. 

Truck staff were cool and friendly- didn't mind boxing up my order to go, were helpful with menu suggestions. Save for the lobster-on-a-stick thing, prices are average: $6-9 for a dog with tons of toppings.

NACHO DOG: I've been drooling over this since I saw it on Instagram but found it a little disappointing. The frank seemed light it might have been sitting out for a bit, and there was a ton of guac. Usually this is a good thing (and a good value!) but the guac itself didn't have much flavor and overpowered the other toppings. I was going for a bit more crunch and cheese than I actually got in this version. I liked it, I just didn't love it. 
STREET TACOS: I have no idea what possessed my BF to order tacos at a hotdog truck, but these looked better than they tasted. Meat was dry and tortillas were a little odd (quite thick), flavors were okay. I wouldn't get this again, but I guess it's good to offer something aside from the obvious for hotdog haters?
SEASONED FRIES: Another BF pick. Fresh, could have used more seasoning because it was tasty, but at the end of the day, they're fries.

Overall, solid experience. The truck music and outgoing guy taking orders made the experience a bit better than your average transaction. But the owner/managers(?) unprofessional responses to other honest and valid reviews are what made me round my rating down rather than up."
"Great brunch spots are popping up all over Henderson lately, and this one is definitely worth the trek from Summerlin. As Chef Antonio informed us over multiple visits to the table, everything here is made in house or made specially for this restaurant, from the bacons (yes, plural) to the baked goods. 

CHOCOLATE CROISSANT: Unfortunately this was our only venture into the baked goods offered here, but it was a solid one. Not quite shaped as expected but filled with a rich, fragrant chocolate amid a lovely risen interior.
EMPANADAS: My favorite dish of the morning! Simply served as a trio of tiny filled pastries over a bed of black beans and greens, these are filled with ample asadero and veggies, topped with a delicious crema and a spicy salsa. 
TOSTADA: Happily served as a duo despite the singular name! The tortilla itself lacked the crisp I had expected, but was generously topped with shredded pork and slaw, as well as a fried quail egg. This needed a touch of something else, maybe the salsa from the previous dish?
CRISPY FRENCH TOAST: I'm not a French Toast fan, but our server recommended it. The toast itself was crusted with granola, but wasn't particularly crispy. The creme anglaise and coffee flavors made this only lightly sweet, but it went unfinished at our table.
CROQUE MADAME: I haven't met a Croque Madame I've liked until now. Usually the layers of ham and cheese and bechamel are just too rich and salty, but this version on challah highlighted the salty gruyere and showed restraint with the sauce. The egg was perfectly poached and the side salad lightened things up. 
SHORTY BENEDICT: Worth the hype. Generous amounts of tender short rib (roasted on site!) and more perfectly poached eggs top the grilled bread with a bernaise-red wine reduction. This could have used just a hint of salt but it was pretty great as-is too. The side of house potatoes were nicely crunchy.

The menu alone makes this a spot I'll return to try more- there are still so many tasty things I want to try here! I especially enjoyed the personal touch of service that Chef Antonio provided, visiting each table and chatting with patrons. Our server was very sweet but could be a bit more attuned to timing. I enjoyed the crowded yet friendly atmosphere, very welcoming and homey, a successful execution of ""social eatery""."
"Quick delivery via Eat24, gigantic pizzas and salads.

Pizza is greasy, toppings slide off when picking a slice, cheese flavors weren't particularly prominent. Didn't really like how onions were chopped so finely instead of in strips, and somehow tasted almost slimy? Pie itself seemed undercooked.

But crust is very good, and salads are fresh and gigantic- dressing cups in a bowl the size of which most other places reserve for portions of soup.

I'd order from here again in a pinch, but it wouldn't be my first pick."
"Good mix of clothing, accessories, jewelry, and home goods here. Clothing is in fairly good condition, and organized by style (but not size)- the shoes especially are worth a second look, several name brands (I snagged some $10 Steve Maddens). 

Service is polite, and they have signage up encouraging volunteers. Check the sign by the door for daily specials and discounts.  Signs at register state that all sales are final, no refunds, returns or exchanges, but there only appears to be one dressing room, in the middle of the store?"
"Came here yesterday for the 49ers-Seahawks game (which the refs won, by the way)...
Picked this place due to location, specials, and free wifi- they're literally a block from my home, feature half price pizza on weekends and as their late night 12AM-6AM special, and have inconsistent but free wifi.

Service needs work. We started out with one waitress who was polite but rarely around- it seemed she was the only one working, so we cut her some slack. Then after the first quarter, she started getting really pushy about dropping off the check and constantly checking to see if we had paid yet, even though there were hours left in the game.
Finally she straight up told us we had to pay so she could leave- now, if she'd just told us that from the start, in a friendly manner, I would have been totally cool with closing out early and tipping her early on. But she very obviously just wanted to go home and did not give a crap about stopping by to check on us until it affected her pay.  

As it is, the pizza was tasty but even they run on the small side- pay attention to the inches (M, 10"") rather than the actual size (M, L, etc). We tried the Fellini and it was flavorful and loaded with toppings (salami, sausage, olives, bell peppers), and with the special it was priced well- I don't think I would pay full price for this pizza.
Also had an order of the ""award winning"" wings, medium heat- should have gone for hot because they didn't have any heat to them. Large order, good flavor, but not sure how this is the best in town.
BF had a few beers- once he realized how watered-down they were though, he switched to domestic.

The second server we got was much sweeter and more of a people person- an older woman with red hair. Felt bad that we'd already ordered everything we were hungry/thirsty for, but left a tip simply because she was so much better at her job: checked up on us regularly, was very friendly.

Heads up, this bar allows smoking indoors- not a bad thing on it's own,  but I'm not a fan. Luckily, only a couple of people smoked a cigarette or two while we were there. Was a little grossed out to see an employee smoking at the end of the bar, but I'll assume it was during her break."
"Such a cute spot! The bright magenta walls are a surprise, but they perfectly match the orchids on the counter. Space is clean and the service is friendly. Menu is larger than expected, with vermicelli, soups, rice plates, rolls, and hot pots. 

Came at the end of a hot summer day with Cathey K and we stuck to lighter dishes- the seafood salad, the Sylantro salad, and the shrimp vermicelli bowl. Salads are huge and nicely presented with shrimp chips, which are fun for scooping up your salad to eat like nachos. Produce was super fresh and dressing was light. Cathey devoured her shrimp bowl in record time, and I'm looking forward to coming back for soup when the weather cools down. 

The shopping center they're in is under construction, but I'm hoping they do well. I like how they offer the DIY rolls so you can assemble them yourself with the fresh herbs and protein, will have to try that on my next visit."
"There are tons of places in town for tapas from different cuisines, but this is the first Mediterranean version I've found! Pick five, get one free- can be a great deal if you pick carefully. Definitely get the eggplant salsa. Props for having several vegetarian and vegan options.

Staff are what make this place, and owner Ab was super friendly throughout my visit- and even gave me some extra dessert treats! Their baklava here is unique in that it's less sweet, and more nutty. I dig it.

But my favorite Mediterranean dish will always be chicken shwarma. The version here is heavily seasoned (a good thing!), available in a plate or wrap. Plate comes with a good side salad and a hefty portion of hummus. My only wish is that they include garlic sauce, as that is what really makes the seasonings of the dish sing."
"You don't need a major case of PMS or court-mandated anger management classes to enjoy a trip to Axe Monkeys- just grab some friends and some closed-toe shoes and get your throwing arm ready. If you've been to a shooting range, it's axe-actly like that, but with wooden targets and a quartet of blades.

Prices are reasonable with several discounts available (local ID, BOGO mailers, Groupon, Yelp checkin), options for 1 or 2 hour sessions, and add-ons like shoe rental, custom targets, and specialty weapons (Chinese throwing stars, for example).  Staff provide safety details and a mini-lesson (Bobby was awesome!), then you get to have at it.

Several reviews say that an hour was sufficient for a first visit, but that's when I felt like I was finally getting into a good rhythm. Don't be surprised if you don't nail it, throwing axes at targets apparently takes chops: I got 4 axes in my first visit and was told that's good. If you really love it, they even have a league! Makes a great group activity, looking forward to bringing back a group of coworkers for a team building exercise."
"This spot is lauded as one of Vegas' best Thai restaurants, really? My experience was average, bordering on dismal. The menu mostly consists of classic dishes, priced on par with other Fremont St businesses. Unfortunately, the flavors aren't there. 

TRI COLOR CURRY: Tasted like a panang with extra veggies thrown in. Chicken in the dish was minimal. Curry was very creamy, but ordering a 3/5 was considerably more mild than expected. I do appreciate that brown rice is available without a surcharge. Portion was ample for lunch. 
PAPAYA SALAD: $10 for a salad without any protein or flavor. Lots of shredded papaya, but the clearly-frozen-from-a-bag green beans were a complete turn off. The dressing lacked the acidity and pop to make it add anything other than moisture to the salad itself. 

I did not experience the service issues that others mention, but didn't see our server much to begin with. I was a little put off by their lack of a public bathroom?*- guess it's lucky I didn't get my curry as hot as I'd wanted, which would have made my guzzle down more water. 

Props for having bottles of San Miguel available, and the various outdoor seating areas with misters are a nice touch. But I've had better Thai from takeout spots that are half the price.

*EDIT: I've been corrected that there is indeed a bathroom here, apparently it's outside? Perhaps the exterior signage should say ""bathrooms for customers only"" for clarity, as the sign was my only cue given that my server was only around for the ordering and check and we dined inside where no possible bathroom door existed."
"I like the idea: a two-story flexible open-plan space for businesses to pop up as needed. I'm just not really sure the concept works here. The only business that had more than a couple of customers was the View Wine Bar, in the middle of an otherwise busy weekend afternoon where other businesses where packed and a farmer's market filled the plaza with foot traffic.

This area has a variety of complementary but non-competing businesses clustered together: a braiding/blow-dry bar and a tanning salon, a portrait studio and an art shop, a candy store and kid's clothing shop, and a surprisingly stunning décor store. Several of them seemed to be hurting for business though, with a single bored-looking employee and no customers. 

Property management seems to be making an effort to direct traffic this way: there are standing easels in the outdoor plaza pointing to the entrances in the area, there is a dedicated elevator in the parking garage, and extensive wall-art encouraging visitors to stop in and explore. Unfortunately, it doesn't seem to be working."
"Clean new spot in the same plaza as Kaba and Café Teaze- it's hit or miss whether your server will speak English, but the food is decent and priced on average with other spots in this area.

 What they really stand out for is their DIY hot pot station: a buffet of vegetables, noodles, and meats for you to mix and match. Bowls are weighed for pricing, you specify a heat level, then they take them to the kitchen to add spices and seasonings to transform them into tasty soup. A $17 bowl was enough for two of us to split with leftovers, and included at least 8 shrimp.

Another great dish here is the won tons in hot chili oil- portion is huge, ~10 won tons in a giant bowl, for $7. It wasn't the absolute best version I've had lately, but it was more than worth the price.

Service was okay: several tables remained dirty until it was time to close,  and the menu only translates a few dishes into english. A couple was seated near us and got so frustrated with the menu that they up and left without ordering. We just asked our server about the hot pot deal and he explained it clearly, then packed up our leftovers for us quickly."
"If you've ever seen the episode of Curb Your Enthusiasm where Larry is stuck in the doctor's office waiting room, then you may know my frustration.

Came in at 1PM for a 1:15 appointment. Another patient showed up half an hour LATE to his 12:45 appointment and was seen before I was, along with a guy who showed up after I did AND with an appointment after mine (1:30). All the while, people without appointment sat and waited endlessly. 

I was finally seen half an hour after my appointment, after one of the TWO employees I saw stared at the sign in list for a solid minute, then announced that she hadn't seen my appointment time- which is ridiculous, since there were only three listed on the entire page, but I appreciate the non-apology.

Spent 10 minutes in the exam room, watching the employee hunt and peck on the keyboard to fill in my contact information- isn't this why there's a front desk?

Only 5 people were seen in the hour I was at this location. Super unorganized office, unapologetically slow and inefficient staff. I'll go out of my way to another location in the future."
"Oddly set in the corner of a business park, Bob's is the kind of place you can drive by a million times without really noticing. It doesn't help that there's no OPEN sign, so after their lunch rush it looks pretty deserted from the outside.

But if you stop in during business hours (they close at 4PM on weekdays, 1PM on Saturdays), you'll find a positive alternative to the $5 foot long. Bob's makes a better sandwich at a similar size, thick with fresh-cut Boar's Head meats and fresh veggies. The Marino's Special (Ham, Salami, Capicola, Pepperoni, Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, Onions, Oil & Vinegar) is my pick, and the portion is enough for two meals, and only $7.

Come by after about 2PM, and you'll see a few students around from nearby Del Sol high school- found the NO STUDENTS IN BATHROOMS signage to be a little off putting, but the kids present were quiet and respectful. I also noticed that all the students were getting the chicken strips meal, maybe something else to check out if you don't dig sandwiches."
"This sweet little shop has been open just a month! Hopefully they'll have more longevity than the spot they replaced, but already their product and service are a huge upgrade. Went in shortly before close and was cheerfully helped by a guy who was happy to provide several recommendations.

Opted for the cheesecake- employee who helped me said it was his specialty, and it shows! For a low $3, the piece is huge and features one of the best crusts I've ever had. I'm not even a big crust fan in general, but this was incredible. Cheesecake itself was lightly sweet and creamy, accented only by decorative whipped cream swirls and a tiny bit of chocolate.

Unfortunately my second item wasn't as successful- got a Nutella cookie, which was two light cookies freshly-filled upon order with piped Nutella cream. The cookies were so delicate they fell apart, and despite a short ride home they were already soggy from the cream, which was airy and delicious. The red syrup accent was cloyingly sweet and detracted from the favorable elements of the cookie. Maybe it's one of those things that's just not for me.

Shop is small but very clean. Two large refrigerated cases contained cupcakes, cake pops, muffins, several varieties of crumble, a Napoleon cake, and a few other styles. 

Employee let me know they are open to suggestions- as a new business, they're still trying out new recipes and seeing what their customers want. Hopefully I'll be able to try what they can do with a savory scone or a cheese croissant soon!

NOTE: Address is correct but location pin on app is on the wrong side of town completely, so you won't be able to check in until it's fixed."
"Overpriced and underwhelming, this clean and organized store is light and spacious, and the staff are really polite and friendly. I also love how they have quite a few local business cards and promo materials at the pickup counter where you get your drinks- shows that they are involved in the local community, which I really like to see.

That being said, their smoothies and wraps are each around $8, which sounds about on par with other similar businesses- and for the smoothies I would say it's about right.
But I was not impressed with my tofu/chorizo breakfast wrap- I asked for it in a spinach wrap, which I use frequently at home to make my own wraps, and this one was not particularly full. Most bites had more overlapping layers of tortilla than filling or veggies. On top of that, the menu lists the wrap as coming with ""a side of tofu homefries""- this sounded really cool to me and I was excited to check it out.
Imagine my surprise when I open my take out box in my car and realize that a ""side"" consists of exactly THREE crouton-sized pieces of tofu. They were tasty, but considering I spent $8 on my meal and my take out box was half empty, I'm not pleased. I genuinely don't know if someone was in a hurry and forgot my side, or if three pieces really constitutes a portion- it doesn't to me.

I might come back, but it won't be for food- which is really disappointing, because everything sounds great.

Side note: If you check in on Yelp, you get a dollar off of a juice or smoothie, which helps a bit with the pricing."
"Fridays is the best day to come here- they offer daily specials, but Friday's choices are by far the best value. You can pick orders of crawfish, mussels, crab cocktail, or crab & spinach dip for a flat $5 each. And did I mention martinis are half off ($10 each down to $5)? And they don't halve the portions for the specials, we're talking gigantic, full orders, for minimal money.

CRAB COCKTAIL: It's crab, the portion isn't huge but it's fresh and tasty, and you can't beat $5 (regularly ~$10?). Order one per person, or whoever gets their hands on it first is going to eat the whole thing.
MUSSELS: Large portion, white wine sauce. Not the best sauce, but again, you can't beat the value for the price/portion. Easily a meal for one, and sided with a piece of their addictively-good garlic cheese bread.
CRAWFISH: Available depending on the season, also sided with the bread. Not nearly as good as other places in town, though it isn't the easiest dish to find in the first place. Wouldn't get again, but it's not necessarily bad.
MARTINITS: The ""dirty shucker"" is a classic dirty martini, done well but the Chocolate Salted Pretzel is the stuff of legends. See Lisa H's review for more coverage, but it's something you have to try at least once. Fridays, for $5, is the best night to do so.

Service was friendly, and the bar is lined with TVs, making it a good spot to watch the game. Draft domestics were ~$4 while bottled specialty beers were about $5. In addition to all this money-saving awesomeness, Shucks is open 24/7!"
"PROS:
+ If you can catch their breakfast menu, the Mad Batter Skillet is incredible. It's like death by cheese, and I'm not complaining! It's a skillet with a biscuit bottom, topped with quiche, cheese, mushrooms, onions, and a creamy sriracha sauce for a little kick. Portion looks deceptively small but is really filling, I couldn't finish it. Pairs with side of your choice, the potato casserole hash stuff is awesome.
+ Fresh baked goods, with the pastry chef on hand to describe the options and make recommendations. Got a cupcake with fresh cranberry filling that I otherwise never would have tried, due to her detailed description and enthusiasm.
+ Coffee! Their roast is from Colorado River Roasters, located in nearby Boulder City. Plenty of flavored options. The pumpkin spice is an indulgent choice, topped with whipped cream and fresh crumble. It's practically a dessert. Soy milk is available.
+ Very friendly service. I sat at the bar since I was dining solo and was checked on by every staff member present at least once, and they were all genuinely friendly and cheerful despite the morning rush.
+ One of the few spots to carry Manbake Beefcake options! I prefer the real baked goods though. Go big or go home.
+ 10% off with Yelp check in, what what!

CONS (there aren't many, I swear!)
- Limited exterior signage makes this spot a little difficult to find if you're unfamiliar with the area. They seem to do enough business, I just wonder if they'd get more if they had more prominent signage. Parking lot is also fairly small. I mean really this is all positive because I want them to move closer to me, really...
- The pastry case was full of lovely options, but none of them were labelled and there is only a limited list of pricing on the posted menu above the bar. I asked other employees for info and they weren't able to name some items or really give any details, only the pastry chef seemed to really know what was going on in there.
- Despite the great description, the cranberry-filled cupcake I had was a little disappointing. Cake itself was a little dry and crumbly, filling was minimal. Their cafe menu seems to be their forte."
"Surprisingly solid option for this plaza- I know it's chinatown, but most of the dining options seem to be hit or miss for me. Prices are fairly low, portions are fairly good. Stick to the rice plates (pork chop is my favorite, has great flavor), haven't tried the noodle soups yet. The pork bun and chili oil wontons are okay for add-ons, but I've had better. Takeout orders are ready quick. Dining in is not my preference, as service is minimal and dining room usually needs some attention."
"Gotta catch 'em all!-- all the new sushiburrito and poke bowl spots opening up in Vegas lately, that is. Purportedly an offshoot of neighboring Izakaya Go, PokeMan has both options on the menu: large bowl ($11) includes three scoops of fish (in addition to surimi crab) with multiple customization options (some with a fee), set menu of burritos ranging from about $9-12.  The minimal increase in costs over other places is offset by their location, which is much more convenient than others across town.

I liked the bowl better than my burrito (the Yuzu), which was comparatively uninspired and lacking flavor- could use a spicy element, didn't notice any yuzu flavors to justify the name? I'll come back for the the build your own bowl option, they're the only spot in town to figure out that you're supposed to marinate the fish before putting it in the bowl rather than just drizzling it on top. Your bowl is as flavorful as you are creative- props for having additional options like octopus, scallops, and crawfish that other companies lack, as well as edamame and masago, etc.

Location is fairly small but seating makes good use of the space. Parking lot can be tricky to find a spot during peak hours. Service was exceptionally friendly, even as employees were figuring out logistics and still learning the menu on my soft-opening visit."
"Hit this spot for a hoppin' happy hour, 3-7PM daily with food and drink specials. Popped into this cool lounge-style bar in the arts district with my eyes bigger than my belly, and snagged 3 large-portioned apps for $17. Bartender was super friendly, service was on point, and the food was great!

ONO-LICIOUS FISH & CHIPS: My favorite dish, four small pieces of nicely-battered fish with a spicy tartar sauce and a side of seasoned fries. BF didn't care for this and insisted the breading was too thick, but that just meant more for me!
CRISPY WINGS: Order of 6 wings is $4 for HH pricing, served with a buffalo sauce and a bleu cheese dip. Good crunch!
NOTORIOUS P-I-G: Gotta love the name! It's a thick bacon-wrapped dog topped with horseradish mac and cheese and pickled jalapenos. I'm not a horsey fan, but staff assured me the flavor was mild. I wouldn't get this again, but it wasn't bad.

I'm not a fan of the rocky, unpaved parking lot but I was pleasantly surprised by everything else I found here! The menu is a bit outdated and headache-inducing with a million different clever hash tags describing each dish, but the food was tasty. Bummed that the roasted Brussels sprouts aren't on the HH menu, I'll have to make another trip out here to try those."
"Decent show- good for kids, enjoyable for adults, too!
A bit difficult to find, as it's in the Quad, which doesn't seem to have any exterior signage at all. Your best bet is to find the Flamingo, then ask for more directions. If you can get to O'Shea's, find the box office from there and go up the escalator.

Missed the first bit of the show due to how difficult it was to find.
Went in and found that Jeff interacted a lot with the audience, used several volunteers, and was a generally goofy guy- in a good way, though.

Though his show was explained to me as ""comedy with some juggling"", it's really more of the other way around: juggling with some comedy. Think bowling balls, knives, and a flaming torch, though those are probably the highlights rather than the norm.

Would definitely go again, and hopefully see the whole show. Passing on his info to friends who come to town with kids. We were in the middle area with a table, good visibility and lots of space for a $33 face value ticket."
"Kyle is great- car alert message came up today saying my tire pressure was low, pulled right into the bay and it shut off with the first tire he checked and filled. All were low about the same amount, let me know I need to be popping in about once a month for them to get checked.

Was also able to tell me the age of my tires and assured me they were in good condition- purchased car used a year ago, good info to have."
"So glad to finally have Pressed in Vegas- fell in love with the company and product when I lived in SF a few years back, and they are who I compare every new juicery to. Selection is large, prices are fair, and I like that they use plastic bottles I can take with me throughout the day.

 I usually just pop in and grab a couple of bottles, but have recently tried a one-day cleanse and was happy with the experience. There are three levels, I went with level 2 and had 6 different juices throughout the day for ~1200 calories. I like that juices are made on site and everything is so fresh, flavors are balanced.

 Service is friendly and nutrition info is available for all products (surprisingly rare for juice joints!). Follow the company on social media for sales and promotions, I hardly ever come in and pay full price. Your first purchase with the company is discounted, and they track your purchases with your phone number so you can easily check what you've had before."
"It's an old-school theater (complete with dated décor, seats that don't recline, and an oddly open-plan bathroom) with modern-day prices-- $9 for an adult weekday matinee was a bit of a surprise. Chairs somehow remain comfortable, and they have a lot of auditoriums and a large parking lot. I like that this is generally one of the less-busy theaters. 

Tip: sign up for a Regal Crown Club card (a free loyalty card for Regal theaters) and enjoy $6 movies on Tuesdays."
"Decently surprised with this chain! Reminds me of Souper Salad, which we have back in Texas. I like how you are able to immediately pick up a plate and start assembling your salad as soon as you walk in, and that there are two sides to the salad bar itself- made things move quite quickly.
Or at least that was the intention. There seemed to be some sort of issue with the cashier on our side disappearing, and an employee stocking silverware had to hop on register at the last minute but her login was not going through- luckily, the cashier on the other side (Jarra?) came to the rescue and began attending to both sides of the buffet line and alternating transactions with her register. Way to step up!

The salad bar portion started with a few premade featured salad options, then had all the ingredients, add-ons, and dressings to fix up your own. BF and I did a little of each. You're able to customize to make your meal as healthy or unhealthy as you want- I really try to stay away from the premade versions as they general are over-dressed and have more caloric ingredients.

Once you are seated, you can then add on soup options. Tomato soup was delicious,  cream of mushroom was a super-fresh featured flavor, and the clam chowder was very flavorful. The black bean chili had surprising depth of flavor but didn't really suit me, nor did the chicken noodle chunk.

The baked potato bar, pasta options, and dessert area are very limited- which for us was a good thing, as we could not really be tempted and could focus on the healthy meals we came here for. Lots of breads though- add a stick or two to the bottom of your soup bowl, especially the garlic bread + tomato soup combo.

Service at the table was surprisingly attentive about clearing dishes, asking if there was anything we needed, and generally maintaining a productive and positive attitude throughout the dinner rush time."
"The first thing I saw when I walked in was a beautiful floral department- pleasant way to start my shopping experience! That led perfectly into the brightly colored produce department with oddly sensual mood lighting- all the better to hid imperfections on organic produce with? I don't know, but organic was stamped on nearly everything, to the point that you had to really look for regular produce. I will say that I liked the clear boxes storing the produce in the wall sections, it made the department look cleaner and more organized than usual.

Found the clearance section in the small hall between the meat and bakery departments along the back wall- everything maxes out at half off, and most of the selection is niche-market goods that are typically overpriced in the first place (gluten-free chocolate chunk cookie mix, miniature salted chocolate bars for original price $5, etc), but right across is a freezer section with some clearance items too- snagged a pint of frozen vanilla greek yogurt for $2, nice!

The cat food/litter aisle was priced similarly to Smith's, which is another way of saying overpriced unless you go for the ghetto bottom-shelf bagged variety. I have no idea how/why people spend $10 on gravel for their cats to poop on- this chain is wack.

The service when checking out was a little awkward. I worked with Rocky, who is a manager. When checking out, with a huge line, I was informed that I would need to fill out an application for their membership card in order to get the sales price- even though I'm not from here (and have the TX license to back it up) and haven't lived anywhere they have locations, and there isn't one anywhere near me. She pushed it, which was a little irritating- as a manager, I know there is a way to simply swipe a store card and move on. Maybe if the line hadn't been six-deep this wouldn't have been an issue, but there was an audible sigh of frustration from the two people who overheard behind me in line.

TL;DR: look for sales, regular prices are high, get a card or they won't honor their prices."
"If you have kids and plan on making a special trip out here to see the mermaids, maybe reconsider: website lists ""mermaid swim"" hours, but we arrived to see two girls sitting in chairs beside a Meet & Greet sign. One was wearing a tail, another was in heels, both wore bored expressions and neither got in the water at any point. How disappointing.

More exciting than the cloudy, circular tank of dull, muted fish was the adjacent waterfall area of koi, ducks, and turtles at the Bass Pro shop."
"Saw this place up on Groupon a few times, and positively reviewed by Yelp Elite Teri C. (other location though), and finally got a chance to swing by for a treat with my guy. 

Location is hard to find. Drove by it twice without seeing it. The signage in the plaza is a little ...messy, so it was hard to notice. The exterior building signage above the door does not light up, and in fact might be a tarp- making it difficult to find while driving on the busy section of Spring Mountain, unless you know exactly where it is.

Once you're inside, it's hard to tell if this place is open for business or not. The most visible wall is covered with shelves of what appear to be restaurant supplies? Bags of mixes and boxes of stuff- maybe other restaurants shop here for their boba making materials? Or else they just don't have a place to store their stock, as there was also a large number of packaged boba stacked along another wall. It's odd to say the least.

But eventually you notice the chalkboard menu and counter, and a young guy talks you through the menu with recommendations for his favorites. It bothers me a little that it's a chalkboard menu, yet they don't erase what's out of stock- it seems like their menu lists all of their potential offerings but you are limited to what's on hand. Seems to make things unnecessarily difficult but oh well.

Tried the black sesame and pink guava ice cream flavors at employee's recommendation- I preferred the former while Bf preferred the latter, so we went with a scoop of each. I didn't finish mine but loved the flavor, BF ate his til his stomach hurt. Texture was good for both, very creamy. 

Maybe take your treat to go, chairs are uncomfortable and look very cheap.

TLDR: product is good, location is hard to find and messy/disorganized. Maybe try another location."
"Small coffee shop by the hospital- BF stops in here frequently and has been raving about the blue velvet drink. Finally made it in here to try it myself, and was pleasantly surprised by the cafe.

Ample seating, friendly staff, well-stocked pastry case with a selection of ""tipsy truffles""- alcohol infused chocolates. There's also a full lunch menu with soups and sandwiches. Coffee menu has several iced and hot options.

Blue Velvet was underwhelming. BF said the balance was off and it wasn't as good as usual. I think I would have preferred the red velvet, which is a raspberry version."
"Decent taco joint by UNLV- I'd heard good things and finally made it by. You enter by the food counter, then there's a separate bar area. As a whole, this place was a little more run down than I'd expected. Sat in the dark bar area because it was a hot day and apparently that's the side where the AC was working.

Got a trio of tacos for my lunch, they were smaller than expected, like street tacos. Their fish tacos are their claim to fame, but I found the fish itself a bit dry and plain. The shrimp taco was a little sad with like one and a half shrimp for $2.75, but tasted fresh. I got one of their potato tacos as well, and pleasantly found that I liked their version much more than another spot in town where they are featured. I liked their salsa and their tortillas held up well.

I'll keep this spot in mind when in the area. Note that they have discounted tacos available on Tuesdays and Fridays, along with HH drink specials. This spot seems to be more of a bar where you can grab tacos rather than a taco restaurant, IMO.

TIP: Check in on Yelp for a free potato taco or fried Oreo!"
"This museum has great bones.... HA! Seriously though, the LV Natural History Museum is outdated but has enough to keep adults and kids alike entertained for a few hours. Sections include paleontology, Africa, native desert plants and animals, an aquarium section, Egypt, and a rotating featured exhibit- through the end of August 2015, that is more on dinosaurs.*

The information is outdated in some places but still educational with plenty of plaques and labels. A few spaces were missing the animal that was originally featured (Egyptian scorpion, sharks, eels), but by and large the exhibits were visually interesting, informative, and interactive. Great spot to take kids to get out of the heat of the day.

In addition to the actual museum content, there is also a small gift shop on your way out and a downstairs room with vending machines for snacks. If your kids aren't worn out by the time you're done here, there's also an adjacent park, which is perfect for picnics. 

*Featured exhibit was extremely underwhelming. I get that they already have an extensive dino section, but the section by the entrance was geared toward very small kids and consisted of printed tarps lashed to poles, designing a maze for kids to walk and crawl through. Very odd, appeared to be very low budget. Would not come here for the featured exhibit alone."
"I love  how many local publications we have in Las Vegas- LV Weekly is one I'll snag whenever I see it, though I do have mixed feelings about their material. I'm not going to waste my time complaining about the ratio of advertisements to actual content, because print media is struggling and the ratio really isn't that bad here. I only wish the businesses that advertise would try mixing it up with a new ad every once in a while- the majority of them stay the same issue to issue, which leads readers to flip through them without even taking notice.

Sections I pay most attention to are the local/community features: love when they do specials that are specific to our area, which they're good about. Water waste, real estate policies, education at CCSD, development of downtown, all things that are relevant to me as a resident. It helps that I don't read the local paper, but if I did I could see how they might not have much I hadn't heard or seen before.

Mixed feelings on their food section and movie/music section: I like reading about new places or upcoming events that I otherwise might miss, but their ratings system and suggestions are a bit skewed. As Mike G pointed out, it's rare to find a movie rated anything other than two or three stars which completely negates the five-star scale.

Food section lacks consistency:  I notice a lot of errors, such as recommending a place that has been closed for over six months. Maybe they're short staffed on fact-checkers?  I generally take their recommendations with a grain of salt, as half I try on my own are fair but others are dismal and have no place being featured in a magazine article (don't even get me started on their pizza and burger coverage)."
"I am heartbroken to hear this spot has closed! Located way on the edge of Henderson, surrounded by suburbia, David Clawson Restaurant is a gem in an unlikely place. The understated décor and sushi-bar-turned-chefs-table keep the focus right where it should be: on the food. Took a group of visiting friends here for an adventurous evening of small plates and wine.

PARKER HOUSE ROLLS: Served alongside  a salted butter, this bread was anything but basic. Crunchy outside cooked in a cast-iron skillet, soft and fluffy inside, this disappeared fast.
BRUSSELS SPROUTS: A roasted version with manchego, mustard, and bacon. Addictive for their crunch, enjoyed around the table.
TIGER SHRIMP: Beautiful, fun presentation of large, fresh shrimp with jicama, chipotle, and cilantro. This ranked lower than other seafood dishes of the night.
BEET SALAD: This is the only dish we had that I can say was pretty average, nothing to set it apart from other versions in other restaurants around town. 
HOKKAIDO SCALLOP CEVICHE: Beautiful presentation with mango, lime, and onion, this was a major hit among our group, hitting all the right notes with the fresh fish and balanced flavors.
TUNA: Served sashimi-style on a brick of pink Himalayan sea salt, this was a bright, fresh dish that all enjoyed. 
GARLIC NOODLES: So fragrant, a mere whiff might off a vampire. Chewy noodles, savory sauce, a dish we nearly skipped but were glad we added at the last minute.
SALMON WITH RICE?: A certain member of our group wanted to petition the staff to rename this dish ""orgasm salmon"", it resonated with her so much. The rice was described by our server as being ""like a risotto"" but clearly was inspired by Asian congee dishes. Simple and savory.
LAMB: Star of the night. This was one of the best versions of lamb I have ever had. It was painful to have to share it with the other diners. Tender, succulent meat with crisp vegetables and a robust sauce, this is something I would cross town for again, easily. 
STICKY APRICOT PUDDING: Warm cake in a sea of hot toffee sauce reminiscent of maple syrup, topped with a mini cannoli. The dessert lovers at our table swooned over this version. 
SALTED CARAMELS WITH COCONUT FLAKES: The bill was accompanied by these tiny sweet treats that were a final delight to our meal. I enjoyed the texture and subtle nutty sweetness of the flakes, and the caramel itself was on point.

Service was warm and made helpful suggestions. One of our party had to leave early, and our server ensured that the dishes he wanted to try came out in time for him to enjoy them. I'm not a fan of the location, which was difficult to find, but can find nary a fault with the restaurant itself. Hoping to hear of this spot reopening in a better location, it  was going to be a staple spot for us to bring visiting friends and family!"
"Nice spot to add a coffee option to the area, props for utilizing the drive-thru which likely gets them more business. Interior is on the plain side and the bakery case is limited. My skinny vanilla latte was okay. Nothing in particular stood out here and though the location is quiet, it's still so new and bare that it didn't quite feel like a spot to linger and get some work done. Hopefully they will add some umbrellas so that the patio seating can be utilized."
"This was my preferred theater before the remodel, due to location and pricing. Plus it was never too busy. Now, post-remodel, I like it even more! The squashy reclining chairs allow for less seats per auditorium and a slightly higher ticket price, but an all around more comfortable experience. I just hope other patrons take care of them so this place continues to be nice.

Over two recent visits though, I have noticed that service is no longer their strong suit- they seem to have hired several new employees, yet only a couple are trained for box office, resulting in large lines outside with typically only one person on register. Luckily, they have outdoor kiosks to expedite things- poke some buttons, swipe your card, skip the line!"
"This small boutique gym has a modern zen feel and specializes in dance classes. Pricing structure allows you to pay by class or as a package. Their current schedule is mostly limited to Zumba (not my preferred workout) with two weekly Mixxed Fit classes with Anyika. 

Check in staff were polite and friendly. EZ Fitness hosts some special events with Beach Body classes (PiYo, Insanity, etc) and Soul Clap. Had a good experience with Katrina, she's a great instructor. I am hoping she or Molly are able to start offering more classes here in the future."
"Very disappointing- try anywhere else in Paris for a better dining experience. Even the buffet is better. Perhaps the ""outdoor"" setting should have been a hint to scale back my expectations, but given the price point and location, I expected better service and quality. 

Menu has limited dining options, especially if you aren't there for breakfast. Can't remember specifically what we had, it was that mediocre. The dining area is practically on the casino floor itself, which makes for a noisy and smoky experience. 

Service was ridiculously slow considering they weren't busy. Food was not hot when it came out, and barely passed for warm. Server was not attentive, cups did not get refilled, bill seemed twice as high as our experience warranted. I would rather hit up the buffet or one of the grab-and-go pizza spots."
"Decent selection of markdowns for home furnishings and decor- which is what I originally went in for.

And, like always, the shoe department sang my name until I went by ""just for a look""--- and walked out with no decor and two pairs of boots. I hate how expensive shoes can get,especially boots, but these were a steal.

Knee high tan chunk heel boot for $18, slouchy dark brown ankle boots for $13, and I am high on a bargain-shopping rush."
"If you're a sweet tooth, Jean Philippe will surely have something for you. From gelato to crepes (both sweet and savory!), dessert pastries and chocolates, JP's got it all... plus breakfast and lunch dishes and coffee. You can even preorder a lunchbox to take on your trip home!

My favorite gelato flavor so far has been the butter pecan- it's indulgent without being too sweet. The Nutella Mille/Napoleon is pretty awesome too- but you really need someone to share it with. I haven't managed to try a crepe yet, but I hear they're the bomb.

Service is quick, there are plenty of tables to eat, and enough selection here to try something different every time you stop by."
"First and foremost, I am not the biggest fan of donuts. I mostly tag along and take photos of them when my donut-crazy friends get a craving. I've also had dismal experiences with this location both as Tiabi and most recently, Crunch Donut. However, when I've been brought Donut Mania donuts, I've enjoyed them. So it was with some apprehension that I entered this location with friends on a recent evening. Spoiler alert: I'm still not a donut fanatic.

We tried several donuts from the cake style to filled, along with specialties riffing on the flavors of Samoa cookies, key lime pie, and their ""world-famous"" fritters. Bonus points for having a couple of vegan options! Unfortunately, they all tasted day-old: slightly dry and with hardened whipped cream. I found out later that their donuts are brought in from another location, which may explain the stale product, or perhaps they were refrigerated?

Of the many things we tried, only a couple were things I'd want again. When I looked into getting a couple dozen for an upcoming work meeting as a perk for my department, I got sticker shock with their prices. Their menu advertises new ice cream donut sandwiches and some donut shakes, but they don't seem to be available yet.

NOTE: Interior is small, seating available on patio for nice days!"
"Beautiful restaurant, great HH- two can eat here for $20 and be totally full. Whoever's in charge of marketing has been great about using social media to get photos and menus out to the community, and HH was quite busy even for a random Wednesday. 

Bethany E and I shared an order of the grande nachos (giant pile of chips with guac, sour cream, beans, and cheese), a mushroom quesadilla (other options include shrimp, chicken, or plain cheese), the bacon-wrapped jalapenos, and the spicy calamari. The calamari wasn't something I'd get again, but we really liked the jalapenos, and the quesadilla was complemented by some surprise goat cheese which kicked it up another level. The nachos sound simple but were actually pretty good, portion is easily enough for four.

Service at the bar was okay- friendly guy but not well informed about the menu. Dishes came out pretty quick and each HH item was $5 or $6, so great prices for the portion and quality of what we tried. I'd consider coming back for a date night here, as the interior is so nice, with Moroccan style lanterns and decorative ironwork- more of a Spanish feel than Mexican, but gorgeous nonetheless. Looking forward to cooler temps, when their patio will be available!"
"Eastern European food, live music, and crazy cocktails- what more do you need in life?
Since my last visit, menu has changed and service is more cohesive with both more employees and a hot black-and-white striped dress as a uniform. I dig it!

THRACIAN CLAY POT: A must-order, featured on the Triple D special. Similar to an Israeli shakshuka dish, the flavors of tomato, egg, and peppers mix well. ""Unlike anything I've ever had before,"" according to a well-traveled friend of ours.

STROGANOFF FRIES: The stroganoff ragu they do so well here is now used in a European version of chili fries, and to great success. These are addictive!

SOLYANKA: traditional Russian soup with lemon and smoked meats, super tasty. Best version of this soup that I've had anywhere, and that's saying something.

SOFIISKA BANIZA: Rolls of filo dough stuffed with feta cheese and served with sour cream, even more delicious than burekas, it's a calorie bomb but so damn worth it.

Service is attentive, drinks are strong (Jackass, Mint Ginger Lemonade, and Sangria are all solid options), and the music is live- great place to catch up with friends and share a ton of food you won't find anywhere else in Vegas."
"Signage outside shouts $4 SHOES but majority are priced in the $12-15 range. Quality may be questionable; majority are club-style heels made of synthetic materials in bright and clashing colors/fabrics.

In addition to clubbing heels, there's a variety of sandals and flats but most appear cheap- a step below Payless, more like what you'd get for your middle school daughter than purchase for yourself as an adult. Limited selection for men, no sneakers for women. Each shoe style only available in a few sizes, many limited to only a few pairs.

Star score cut down due to the following:
Only available seating to try on shoes is by front counter, one single bench seat for the whole store which is inadequate for a store this size. Try on your shoes because mine weren't true to size.
Signage upon entry bans food/drink and large purses, and indicates that bags can be searched at any time for any reason. And there are security-cam  photos posted behind the cashier of shoplifters, which is incredibly tacky and unprofessional.

Suggestion: Hire more employees to wander the floor and keep an eye on product rather than drag down your business image like that. The only employee I've ever seen here is the cashier."
"Name ONE other place in Vegas you can find stuffed sweet potatoes. What about quinoa bowls? Both on the same menu. I'll wait. Didn't think so! I have yet to find the potatoes elsewhere, and the bowls (both quinoa and acai) are large, filling, flavorful, and fresh.
 
Everything I've tried here has been excellent: the lentil soup is amazing, the potatoes make a great dinner, and the quinoa bowl is so huge it easily makes two meals.  I go significantly out of my way (nearly 30 miles round trip) to come here about once a week- the fact that they currently offer a Groupon is a nice perk, but the prices are so low you won't need one.

Quality is great, portions are huge and prices are fair, and the food itself is great. Service is friendly and attentive, and usually the owner himself is helping you. This spot has been open six months and I have no idea how it's not more popular, but it's easily one of my favorite healthy eating options in town- and for once they have more than just salads and grilled protein bowls! I am in love with this place."
"Large selection of flavors, somewhat friendly staff, cute shop. In addition to the bitesize namesake treats, they also offer ice cream/gelato (labeled one thing, tasted like the other), and a variety of chocolates. I like that the spot was nicely decorated for the upcoming Halloween holiday.

Vast selection of macaron flavors made it hard to decide: ultimately opted for basil white chocolate (muddled but okay), Colombian coffee (lower end of average), lutchi (which seemed to mean lychee?), and rose petal (neither of which had any flavor at all), packed in their 4-piece gift box (which they didn't fit into).

Salesperson who helped us was polite, until she got frustrated that their macarons don't easily fit in the provided boxes, at which point she passed us off to another employee- who also had difficulty and ultimately gave us cracked macs. Glad it wasn't really a gift... perhaps they should resize the cookies smaller or go with a different box, as this clearly wasn't a one-time issue.

NOTE: They do not bake on-site, these treats are flown in. Filling consistency was off, probably due to being frozen. I'll stick to local bakeries that do it better. There's no reason to brag about your batter being ""made in France"" if the execution renders a lesser product."
"It can be difficult to keep a special diet while dining out, but cooking at home can get boring. What to do? Head to Fix8. No, they don't make anything mindblowing that you can't make yourself, but they offer a variety of flavorful and well-made proteins that prove ""healthy"" doesn't have to be bland or boring.

The garlic steak is the most-recommended dish in these reviews, so it was the first thing I tried- and it lives up to the hype! Nice char, intense garlic flavor, perfect topped with added mushrooms. I wish I could specify medium-rare, as it was a bit dry compared to my preference.  Fresh produce is used, and cooked to retain flavor rather than steamed to death sans seasoning.

Will come back to try the chicken or fish dishes. Menu also offers shakes and poke bowls, wish they would add some more creative salads. Service is quick and the positive vibe really makes this place shine.

NOTE: You can sub salad for the rice on the plates, but make sure you clarify that you still want the vegetable. I received only mixed greens with my steak! :("
"A bunch of reviews refer to this place as the ""Hawaiian Chipotle""- while there are some similarities, I have to say, that's selling this place short!

Like Chipotle, you order by selecting your protein and choosing a bowl, burrito, tacos, or salad. You also have a lot of similar add-on options like black beans, (fresh!) grilled veggies, and guac.
Like Chipotle, the protein options here are tasty- but I can find a chicken burrito on nearly every corner. I can't find huli huli chicken or kaluah pig very easily at all- and here, both are phenomenally well done! Bonus points for generous portions, too.

But what makes this place really stand out, in addition to the tasty island flavor, is the service- when I walk into a place and am greeted by the owner himself, it means something to me. Chatted with the guy for a bit and he is clearly dedicated to this business and it's success- this is not another place where the owner is MIA and leaves a manager in charge of running things. He's right there, interacting with everyone who walks through the door. Major props."
"Tasty place for a late-night bowl of pho- they're open til 3AM!
Ordered the #10 (pho with rare brisket, tripe, and more, then added meatballs for $1.50 extra) and the #54 vermicelli bowl with pork and eggroll. 

Food arrived quickly, and was tasty- soup was piping hot, pork in vermicelli bowl had a good char on it, and the inclusion of the eggrolls in the bowl negated the need for an appetizer. Portions for both were generous. Toppings for pho and fish sauce for bowl were fresh and brought out promptly after placing our orders.

Service was polite and friendly, water and tea were brought over before we even asked. SIgnage above each table indicates that you are to pay the cashier up front using your table number.

Minus a star for $15 minimum- that's pretty high for a ""minimum""."
"It's not immediately evident from the exterior, but this is a book and gift shop specifically for those involved in 12-step programs. Alcoholics Anonymous, Narcotics Anonymous, and even Overeaters Anonymous members can find helpful literature, gifts (many specifically for birthday/anniversary purposes), positive-message wall-hangings and other décor.

Staff is friendly, store itself doesn't have a ton of selection but everything is nicely arranged. Note on door assures visitors that they are not closing? A valid concern, given that the majority of the plaza they are located in is deserted."
"The $8 lunch special, offered Monday-Saturday from 11AM-3PM, will get you a bowl of pasta, a side of soup or salad, a breadstick and a drink. You're free to add in pasta toppings for additional charges. 

Opted for the rigatoni with pesto, added mushrooms and gorgonzola (50 cents each), the side of mushroom soup, bread stick and an iced green tea. Ordered to go, ready in under 10 minutes, cute and modern decorating scheme, I have a weakness for chalkboard menus.

Pasta was a filling al dente portion with a perfect pesto, that didn't make me feel as if I'd ingested 1200 calories as I would at most Italian chain restaurants. Adding mushrooms and gorgonzola for a buck was both cheap and tasty. Could have done without the breadstick but holy shit that mushroom soup- I'd come back JUST for this soup, with the chunky bits of mushroom and full bodied flavor, enhanced by a drizzle of basil oil."
"Definitely a well-maintained park, which shouldn't be a surprise considering the surrounding subdivision. There's ample parking, covered picnic tables and barbecue grills, bathrooms and water fountains, and a play structure. For older kids, there's both a basket ball court and baseball diamond. Note that this park is adjacent to an elementary school, and it's pretty busy in the afternoon immediately following dismissal. In the early morning and evening hours, there are lots of dog walkers who utilize the perimeter trail. 

TIP: Stairs are to the far left, going up to the school property."
"The food is pretty good but good lord, the service is awful. It's as if no one has been trained in any way, shape, or form. There is a swarm of employees but they're inefficient. Drive Thru line wrapped around the lot, went inside to see a line wrapped around the dining room as well. 

SERVICE: Apparently a half-hour wait is the norm here. It's unnecessary, given that you can see the food being freshly prepared and waiting to be bagged. The polite lady on register (only two) was not familiar with the menu or the POS system and kept repeatedly looking at a paper menu, the overhead menu, and her screen in confusion. My order was not complicated, but it took five minutes for her to call over the manager, and another five for the manager to figure it out. Both repeatedly tried to upsell me on their featured combo, which had an extra piece of chicken, finally stating they didn't know how to add on the side I wanted without charging full price and the ""feature"" had an extra side included. $10 and change, not bad.

FOOD: Three piece dark (leg/thigh) combo with 2 grilled and one fried, sides of yucca and corn salad, plus an empanada and two sauces (guava and bbq). Sauces were forgotten, but chicken was flavorful enough not to need it.
Grilled chicken is juicy and smothered in an herb marinade, but oddly rubbery as if it were steamed or not fully cooked. Fried was better than expected, cooked in a skillet rather than a fryer. Difficult to pick a favorite. 
Yucca side was generously portioned but could use a sauce. Corn salad tasted good but was room temperature, unclear whether it's supposed to be heated or cold. 
Buffalo empanada exterior was flaky but had an off-putting artificial butter flavor. I liked the filling though, wasn't too spicy.

I realize they're fairly new (open three weeks), but management really needs to step in and train the staff. As they expand and open other locations, they need to learn from this location and make the space larger or at the least plan for a better way to manage the parking lot traffic, as people were unable to back out of their spaces to leave due to the cars in line. I'd like to come back in to enjoy dine-in service, they use real plates and silverware."
"Boba? On this side of town? Yup! Located just off the highway in a hidden shopping center, Tea Time Café has a surprisingly large menu of beverages, simple sushi rolls, and snacks. Service is polite, space is decorated like a teenagers bedroom (not necessarily in a bad way), and the snacks are pretty decent.

ICED PEPPERMINT GREEN TEA w/BOBA: I could drink this stuff daily. I will likely come back specifically for this beverage and try to order it as my regular drink at other boba places. The mint is artificial tasting but it's very refreshing, boba was decent.
RICE BALLS: Your choice of salmon or tuna, in a rice ball, lightly fried exterior drizzled with furikake and eel sauce. I paid the upcharge for salmon and what I received smelled like tuna and was fairly tasteless. Maybe this just isn't for me.
SUSHI ROLLS: The rolls available here all seem to be simple variations of the California roll. The roll I selected had ""crispy onion and tuna"" but  was crab and avocado, topped with those fried bits that really aren't onions at all, along with a ton of spicy mayo. Tasted decent, portion was good for the $7 price. 

If I was in the area more often, I'd probably hit this place up regularly but it's not worth going out of the way for. I'm glad I didn't encounter any of the service issues cited in other reviews, but found it odd that two out of three items seemed to be somewhat incorrect compared to the description provided on the menu."
"It's basically Roberto's, with a few different menu items. Quality is okay, portions are large, prices are pretty affordable. Unfortunately, the food was somewhat lacking- chile relleno lacked heat in both the pepper itself as well as the sauce but I liked that it wasn't overbattered, and the ceviche tostada was a shrimp mixture that seemed as if it hadn't marinated long enough but it was really fresh. 

One ""different"" menu item to try is the #26 special. It's a 5-piece order of rolled tacos topped with lettuce, tomato, onion, sour cream, guac, and your choice of meat. It's like asada fries, but with taquitos instead of fries. Definitely enough for 2-3 people to share.

Drive thru service was quick and polite, I preferred their green salsa to the red. They have menudo on weekends."
"Had a recent four-day stay here courtesy of work, during the World Series of Poker tournaments. I didn't handle our reservation or check in, so all I can say is that we were able to get a room for what seemed to be a good price, with a couple of days notice, during the WSOP.

Our room was a two bed suite in the Masquerade Towers with an awesome view of the mountain skyline and the pools. The room itself was very nice- large, with a couch and sitting area, extended bathroom area with counter and sink outside of the toilet/shower space. Both beds were super luxe- comfortable pillow top mattresses that worked well for a group that liked both soft and firm beds, with clean and fresh quality linens and lots of pillows.  
The only odd thing about our room was that there was a small window in the wall inside the shower, looking into the bedroom. I don't know if it's intended so that an adult can keep eyes on kids while taking a shower, or so that you can watch TV while in the shower (which is what I did), or if the room was created for some wacky swingers group and I just wasn't told about it. Either way, it was odd but not a problem or anything. One of our group was a little put off by it, but was easily able to tuck some rolled up extra towels in the space to avoid anyone looking in at him- although no one was even trying, for the record.

The property itself has a lot to offer, from the Carnival Buffet, American Grill, Sports Deli, Yogo Gogo, and Evening Call for drinking and dining options,  to the poker room and WSOP tournament in the convention space, as well as hosting the Penn and Teller show (though we didn't see it). There were always employees in sight if anything was needed, and most of them were helpful when we had any questions or concerns. 

Though we'd probably stay somewhere cheaper in the future if the bill was our responsibility, this hotel and casino was a really good pick and we very much enjoyed our time here! Highly recommend."
"Nitrogen ice cream has finally hit Vegas! If you want a side of science with your sugar, this is the place to get your fix. Much like the rolled ice cream spots popping up all over town, your dessert prep includes a bit of a show so have your camera ready.

The menu offers ice cream in limited flavors (several of Asian influence, per the Chinatown-adjacent location) along with waffle cup options and milk teas. Location is large with plenty of seating and custom wood work, along with local art on display for sale in the back. Service was polite with good attention to detail and interested in feedback, always a plus. I tried the black sesame flavor and found it a bit creamier than the other nitro creams I've tried, which tend to be more icy with a different mouthfeel that some may dislike when comparing to traditional ice creams or gelatos. 

I visited during their soft opening and the available flavors were limited- it's unclear whether they'll offer more options or rotate the choices, but I'd prefer some more unique flavor options like those at Smitten. I didn't see options for additional mix-ins or toppings, which some people might want to add. The waffle cup and milk tea options were either unavailable or not offered when I visited, but I'll be back to try them both.

EDIT: As of April 2018, they no longer have nitrogen ice cream nor typically Asian flavors, skewing more American (vanilla, chocolate, cookies and cream, etc) and serving up regular (though house-made) ice cream instead, with low prices."
"Solid threading boutique- map location on Yelp is wrong, it's not at Jones and Sahara but on Rainbow in the same shopping center as $3.99 shoes- next door to the ABC Dental.

They don't just thread here, but also do lashes and have a boutique section with jewelry and accessories- check in gets you something free, but I did not use it on my visit.

Employee was quiet but friendly, showed me the device they use here to hold the string instead of putting it in their mouths, and explained why they use it: more sanitary, lighter touch, etc.

Brows were done in like three minutes flat. $11 is a bit higher than most to charge. Not sure I'll come back here specifically, but it's the closest to my house. Pain wasn't any more or less than I've experienced elsewhere."
"Came here based on their social media account and signage- wanted a gelato on a stick creation, the s'mores version really had my interest. But I arrived and was told they no longer offer those products, despite a huge photo of them on the wall.

Current options include ice creams (cones and cups), milkshakes, cheesecake, and frozen bananas. Luckily, I love frozen bananas so my visit wasn't entirely wasted. However, other spots in town offer them with sprinkles, nuts, and other add-ons that this spot doesn't.

Really friendly and apologetic cashier. Cute space. Loyalty card with discounts- $1 off your next visit was a nice touch to bring people back in. But unfortunately I came here to get something different."
"Not my preferred EOS location, but not bad. Very clearly a former Gold's location with the same fixtures and layout. It seems the only thing that's changed is the class schedule. I will say that I like the drilling stairs available at this location, but it's kind of a bummer that it's so crunched for space that you have to move equipment out of the way to be able to use it with ease.

Class schedule is decent, with classes provided by some of my favorite instructors- Shirley B currently has a Hot Hula class while Rawlins has P90X, both people I'll drive across town for if my schedule allows. Bonus points for this location having a cardio theater, but it's kind of cancelled out by how bad (small, no circulation, very limited equipment) the women's area is."
"The epitome of a dive bar! Not necessarily in a bad way, but only giving out two stars from my experience earlier this week. For starters, it was totally dead but took the one lone lady bartender a good five minutes to notice I'd walked in- because she was so engrossed in conversation with a patron. I guess it could be worse.

There's a large sunken seating area for watching games, and this bar has DirecTV- a plus in some ways, but considering that's what I have at home, this isn't a place to go to watch a game that's on the NBA or NFL package, they don't have that here from what the bartender told me.

They do have a food menu, and a Yelp check in offer saying you get a free drink with a food purchase- but the menu looked a little overpriced for bar food and I did not choose to try it at this time.
Lots of built-in poker machines built into the counter, most of the TVs are a little bit of an older style, signs up said they have karaoke on Thursdays but when I went it was completely dead- maybe I need to come back for those wings everyone's talking about.

Not sure when happy hour is- think I sign said their late one was 2AM to 5AM, but there's another one that ended at 5PM or 6PM. With normal pricing, our two small draft beers (Blue Moon and Shiner) were $8."
"GREEN STUFF ON EVERYTHING. The tallarin verde plate with bistec is a huge $10 lunch, with nearly a pound of thick, al dente linguini drenched in bright-green pesto sauce. I'm a huge basil fan and I'd buy their sauce by the gallon. The steak is also perfectly cooked.

But they have two other green sauces too: one spicy, one creamy, both in large squirt bottles on the tables. Figure out which one you like and slather it on everything. The spice level of the darker green one tends to vary but the creamy sauce is tasty on anything.

I'm not a fan of sweet plantains, but they offer them here. My preference is the yucca frita. They also offer several desserts and prepackaged treats at the register. Service is friendly and helpful, but shop is small: recommend calling in if you're getting takeout."
"For an outlet location, I was less than impressed by the prices and selection. Discounts are comparable to a sale going on at the regular store, but with less selection. There are some discrepancies with pricing- a tag will state the MSRP, but the store sale sticker will say the ""regular"" price is higher, which makes their ""sale"" price look more attractive. 

Limited stock of accessories available, not a single large sports bra in the entire store- selection was mostly S and XS, unfortunately. The Nike brand compression pants are great, but the fun patterns seem to be limited to one or two pairs of each type for the entire store. 

Service was pretty nonexistent. I browsed the entire store, saw a few staff members, none addressed me in any way. Store is super clean though and the location itself is huge. I'll stick to ordering online and waiting for sales."
"Beautiful artwork, both framed and on canvas. Nearly every Disney movie is represented here from Lady and the Tramp and the Dalmations to modern-day favorites Brave and Frozen. 

Found it odd that only a handful of the prints had a pricing label, but pricing was about on par with what you'd expect for Disney merch (read: anything in a frame is probably four figures). Love the case of collectible salt and pepper shakers at a super-reasonable $25/set- wish they had more to pick from!

Store is dark, difficult to tell from the outside if it's open or not. Staff barely glanced up as I entered. Not sure the Container Park or this particular unit are the most profitable place for them to be placed, as they didn't seem too welcoming to foot traffic."
"Robata on the East side?! Surprised to find this spot, as the rest of the 'hood is mostly Mexican food. Interior is clean and modern like most Japanese places, menu has robata (grilled) dishes, hot/cold apps, and sushi. 

The ika yaki was nicely done and served with a citrusy spicy mayo sauce for dipping. Menu also has classic vegetable and meat skewers, but don't think you're going to get a discount Raku experience. Food is decent but not great. 
The sushi appears to be a new addition to the menu. Rolls are fairly typical, but I was disappointed that mine were falling apart. The Tropicana (coconut shrimp, cream cheese, salmon?) was a unique offering but was not to my liking (too sweet, too much cheese). 

Service during visit was polite and attentive. They have a TV over the bar showing KPOP music videos, which I always enjoy. Location is a bit hard to find. It's behind the gas station at the Tropicana/Pecos intersection, close to the Dunkin Donuts. Drove by several times without noticing it!"
"Cheap, good dim sum takeout? A girl can dream! Selection here is very limited, heavy on the buns, and sits under heat lamps for who-knows-how-long.  Service was a bit lacking.

I was disappointed with the selection, but they apparently can't (or wouldn't) make a fresh order. Employee present was unable to name a few of the dishes- not that she couldn't translate them to English, she couldn't tell me what the shrimp dish was because she didn't cook it! Prices are low, but your expectations should be, too. Majority of positive reviews are actually for non-dim-sum items, so maybe I'll have to give up on those offerings. 

I'll give this spot another try the next time I'm at the International Market, hopefully the selection and service will both improve."
"Large selection, overpriced stock, lack of knowledgeable staff.
I don't expect the store to have staff that are experts in every craft, but if no one in your store knows if you have a common item in stock, that's a bit frustrating.

 I wasn't the only person there who had difficulty finding staff or finding the item they were looking for. Ended up taking my business to the nearby Office Depot, which had my item in stock along with staff to tell me so and direct me to the section of the store. Seems like they probably lose a lot of business due to this, since Walmart is right next door also.

For non-craft items like décor, there's good selection here but it's really overpriced despite sale signage everywhere. The few items I have been able to find and purchase here (spray adhesive, candles, rubber cement) are about a buck more than elsewhere for no apparent reason."
"Not a buffet I'd go out of my way to visit again- really a 2.5 stars rounding up. I love the Wynn and there are some solid dishes here but service was practically nonexistent, and for a weekend special brunch ($40pp), the execution should have been higher.

Most impressed with the seafood: smoked salmon melted in your mouth, plentiful fresh shrimp with cocktail sauce are my go-to, variety of mini sushi rolls to pick from, baked red snapper dish was divine.

I loved that they had a dim sum section, but everything was overcooked: paper wouldn't peel off bottom of barbecue buns, gyoza were falling apart, fried shrimp rolls were stuffed with shrimp but flavorless.
Many options for dessert, but I'm not a sweet tooth so it didn't sway my initial ratings. Best items were the PB-chocolate-pretzel ice cream and profitroles.

Prime rib was tasty (as it is almost everywhere on the Strip) , lots of brunch options I had no interest in taking advantage of (pancakes and omelets made to order), but many things clearly sitting out or not cooked properly: eggs benedict with watery eggs, several condiments that didn't get refilled, etc. It wasn't til we were about to leave that they even refilled the empty lox trays, which is ridiculous for a brunch buffet.

Speaking of refills, drinks at our table were only refilled when we asked. Empty plates were cleared, but waitress acted as if drink refills were simply not her job. Very bizarre.

Would go to the Bellagio buffet instead in the future- lower price point, higher quality and more options, better service by far."
"The #1 indicator of a legitimate barbecue joint is their smoker- Fox's is parked right outside their door, the first thing you see when you roll up. Then you open your car door and get a lungful of that amazing barbecue smell, and you'll be hooked before you even take a bite. 

Meats here are sold in combos or by the pound- brisket and pulled pork are their specialty, and they're both good but I prefer my brisket a little more moist and a little more flavorful. What can I say, I was spoiled by decades in Texas. It's the best I've found outside of the Lone Star State though, accented perfectly by their own spicy and mild barbecue sauces. I was licking my fingers, no shame.
Even better than those two meats are their ribs- so tender they fall off the bone, high ratio of fat to meat but they make up for it with such good flavor. I could eat these every day and not get tired of them.

Their sides aren't to be forgotten, either: 5-cheese green chile mac, cowboy beans, or if you're feeling really indulgent: cowboy cheese fries. The beans though, are where it's at- they have brisket bits mixed in, with bacon, and spices that make the most perfectly-seasoned homemade Ranch Beans I think I've ever found, no joke. Bonus points for having Pyramid on draft, $6/pitcher, nothing goes better with barbecue than beer. Except maybe more barbecue, or a take-home bag of their jerky: $6/3oz bag, regular or spicy varieties.

A word about the pricing. When you go out to eat quality barbecue, it ain't cheap. That being said, many places charge a bit less... but they have crappy food. Go to TC's Rib Crib, if you'd rather have that type of experience.  Come here and plan to spend $12-18/person for the good stuff. It's worth it.
And hey, they have a check-in offer for a free dessert, so that saves you like $5. But IMO, if you're doing barbecue right, you don't have room for dessert afterward. Did not redeem mine, but appreciate that it's offered!"
"Decent local Mexican food chain: menu has plates, tacos, burritos, and chimichangas. Menu isn't much different from Roberto's but this location is a little less casual- shares space with a PT's next door.

Fish tacos are tasty, though the chunk of fish is a little smaller than other comparably-priced tacos in town. California Burrito is just about $6, which is decent pricing for a massive portion. Three-piece rolled tacos are extra crispy- a bit too fried, actually. The upcharge for adding guac gets you a ton, though. Too bad it isn't fresh, seemed to be a premade mix which is tragic for a Mexican restaurant.

Service was friendly. Outdated tube TV in the dining room. Lots of seating, including on the porch. Entrance is weirdly placed, go all around the patio by the Marie Callendar's entrance."
"Came here for Lisa H's birthday brunch- group of 10 was helped by server Rigo. We made reservations and they were not busy, but that they only staffed one server for Sunday brunch. Rigo was managing four tables in addition to our 10-person party! 

Menu for brunch is limited, and made more limited by their waffle maker being broken. Many at the table opted for the breakfast burrito or the benedict (available with filet, crab, or salmon), but I chose the BRIE GRILLED CHEESE & TOMATO SOUP. Menu description states the sandwich includes tomato, but I received only a generous amount of cheese resulting in a basic and one-note sandwich of just cheese and bread. The tomato soup was sweet, oily, and rich, did not necessarily pair well with the sandwich. Highly suggest adding a side salad (a Caesar is $7 and huge) to cut the richness.  
Of the three people who opted for the breakfast burrito, only one ate more than half, which I found noteworthy.

The main appeal for brunch is their $10 bottomless Mimosa or Bloody Mary deal, with mandatory entrée purchase. They have a full bar and patio seating. Found it odd that the black linen table clothes are covered by butcher paper? Not sure what aesthetic they're going for. Interior is smaller than exterior of corner space suggests."
"Didn't quite live up to the hype for us- given that we were in town for a limited time and made our dinner plans based on their menu online, we were surprised to find that they were more casual than we expected. Their evening seating policy is interesting (see photos for more info), but overall the food was not quite as good as we had hoped.

CRAB CAKE APP: Fine. Went unfinished at the table. Served in a large portion of sauce with wild rice, could make a small meal.
TOWER BURGER: Great-tasting meat, appreciate the GF bun, otherwise not really remarkable.
CHILAQUILES: Messy but fairly good, eggs were a bit undercooked with unset whites. Don't add on the green chile pork, the portions of the dish without tasted better. 

Service was polite, food was out fairly fast. From reading a local publication later, it seems maybe their sandwiches or breakfast dishes are their forte. Props for having so many choices on the menu, but the ones we tried weren't that great."
"Cute brunch spot in the quiet Centennial Hills area, with fresh-made breads and a fun menu of creative breakfast staples. Come here with time to spare, because it's not a quick spot. If you can, snag one of the few seats on the porch.

The #Bernie sandwich (egg, Vermont cheddar, soppressata, pesto, tomato on brioche) was huge and delicious, as was the No-Jito (blueberry mint lemonade), and I was drooling over their Red Velvet Whoopie Pies. Unfortunately they were out of bread by my 1PM arrival, but their homemade granola was on sale!

But like I said, come here with time to spare. Even coming after their morning rush, I waited half an hour for my food. Ordering system is unnecessarily complicated, with no posted menu (just several printed sheets), one slow-moving line to order merging with another to pay, with an aggressively polite cashier barking at employees and peppering each sentence with ""honey"", ""baby"", and ""sweetie"". From my observations in line for 15 minutes, it seems like their menu is too large for their limited kitchen space, causing the long waits for food. If this spot could be reorganized to improve efficiency, I'd be more inclined to return."
"Shirley B's rave reviews and great photos brought me across town to check this place out! I really wanted to love this place and visited a couple of times. I have to agree with other reviewers who state that this place has a lot of potential.

Came with Neli T for my first visit- I love how they carry Gelatology products, but stock was low and our cup seemed as it perhaps it wasn't kept quite cold enough and started melting by the time we received it. We also got a cake slice that was not memorable. It might have been red velvet? We didn't finish it.

Second visit was solo- grabbed a bunch of macarons, which were well made with the right texture and a robust flavor even if they weren't particularly photogenic. Several places in town have macarons with light, understated flavors, and I liked how strong and distinct the flavors came through here. The macarons are their strength.

Both visits, I had a difficult time deciding what to get because the cases were not particularly well-stocked. Maybe visiting earlier in the day is better. Service was polite. The space could be more inviting, with natural light instead of harsh florescent and a brighter color scheme instead of pastels. I'll return to continue trying their goods when in the area."
"Recently joined this bank chain at the Sahara-Decatur location. But every time I go (and I go at off-peak hours!) there's a considerable wait, especially to work with a banker. 

But this location is sneaky, I didn't even notice it in this plaza until I pulled it up online. It's convenient to my work, so I stopped in to make a deposit- and there was NO line, at all. It's a smaller location, so when they do get busy I'm sure it backs up fast, but their under-the-radar location works in their favor.

Added bonus? Their staff is super friendly and helpful. After conducting my transaction, my teller went out of his way to research an issue I had with my new account and gave me a complete answer instead of a guess or a suggestion. Two thumbs up, this is now my preferred location."
"Tiny, smoke-filled casino in a trashy part of town. Security was a bit on the rude side: asked to see my ID upon entry, and when I asked why he growled at me that I looked like a teenager. Uh, get your eyes checked.

Only went for the restaurant, as my BF has fond memories of their ultra low-price specials. We both opted for the steak and eggs, which also comes with your choice of hashbrowns (for me) or homefries (for him), and bread (which neither of us got). My guy added a stack of pancakes.
Steaks and eggs were properly cooked to order but nothing was seasoned- reminded me of dining at a hospital. Luckily they have a giant basket of condiments at each table, including steak sauce, tabasco, Cholula, and S&P, nearly all of which we made use of.
Pancakes were okay- a bit on the thin side but well-sized, served with single-serving cups of Log Cabin syrup rather than a bottle or a warmed portion in a cup.

Staff was okay, server seemed exhausted so I guess she'd been working all night. One of the male kitchen staff kept coming out to the dining area like clockwork every five minutes, rearranging the tables and chairs at random. Very odd.

BF is really upset that I didn't like this place more. It wasn't problematic, and the prices are good, but not worth the drive for food I can easily make better on my own for the same price. Good for late-night post-drinks dining though, I'm sure."
"I'm a Gordon Ramsay fangirl as much as the next person, and after a good experience at Steak this was next on my list to try. Prior to seeing the O show, BF and I came here for dinner on a Friday night- not thrilled that they don't take reservations so the line wraps around the corner for a predictable 30 minute minimum wait. But the hostess was super sweet and the wait went fast.

BEER BATTERED MAUI ONION RINGS: The cheddar-ranch dip made this dish for me, but wasn't enough to save the rings for my guy, who felt they were overly breaded and not crispy enough. Wouldn't get again but loved the sauce.

HELL'S KITCHEN BURGER: asadero cheese, roasted jalapeno pepper, avocado, and oven roasted tomato. Looked a bit more delicious than it actually tasted, the jalapeno is a kick in the mouth that is quickly quelled by the cold, creamy avocado and roasted tomato. Wish it came with more than one roasted jalapeno, the first bite of combined flavors was best, the rest only had one or two of the featured ingredients and came off as bland.

FARM BURGER: duck breast bacon, english sharp cheddar, and a fried egg. The egg makes this, but everyone else seems to say the bacon makes it. I'm not a huge bacon fan but expected to be converted by this one. Not so much. Egg yolk plus medium-rare burger was delish, cheese flavor was lost and overpowered by the other ingredients.

TRUFFLE PARMESAN FRIES: After the 'rings ordeal, I didn't think we needed another side but BF insisted. The order is enormous and even with our large appetites we did not come close to finishing. The truffle parm and truffle salt don't hold a candle to the amazing truffle aioli. 

SHAKE #5: coffee shake, chocolate pudding, ""praline cookie"". Served in one giant glass with two wide boba-style straws, this was a tasty treat. Liked that it wasn't super sweet. Praline cookie is more of a wafer without much flavor.  

OVERALL:  Food didn't quite live up to the hype: bummed there isn't a mushroom burger with cheese on the menu, for the two burgers we did order, the cheese was understated. Would customize a burger on a future visit, subbing chantrelle mushrooms for the tomato on the Euro burger. The burgers are solid, and the beef is great quality, but I expected better.

Shout out to the hostess, who was super sweet, brought out a menu to view while in line, was the first of two staff to recommend the HK burger we ended up getting."
"I don't know what casino this used to be, but when the Linq took over, the #1 thing they should have renovated was the parking garage- in addition to being tiny, it has several dead ends that are difficult if not impossible to get out of safely, particularly if there are large SUVS or trucks parked in that area. This assumes you can even FIND the self-parking garage, as it's a tiny entrance off of the Strip (marked for Harrah's), unless you do valet.

Assuming you finally make it inside, the sports book is pathetic- I've seen more and larger TV screens inside of a bar. They've been repainting and remodeling, but changes are slow. I will say that the escalator/stairs entry from the garage to the shopping area has improved, but that's about it. 

Staff (when you can find them) are polite, but everyone seems to be in super-slow-motion, as if they don't have enough to do- yet there are clogged sinks and broken locks in the bathroom, and very few people to provide directions or assistance throughout the casino itself.

Stayed here once and wasn't impressed with the quality of the rooms, they're dated for a new property. It's a cheap room though, (~$30?) and well-placed if you're going to be walking around the Strip, so it wasn't bad for our out of town guests."
"It's a sausage fest up in here. Literally. Tucked into Commercial Center not far from the Green Door, this hip gastropub-styled spot serves up about seven different types of sausages, including a vegetarian option and all-beef hot dogs, as well as all day breakfast. 

Menu has a little bit of everything but could use a bit more specialty dogs or maybe just more gourmet ingredients- the Mexicali dog (bacon wrapped, chorizo, tomato, onion, cheddar, mayo, mustard) was filling and had a good kick of spice to it, and I like that their buns are made in house, but I'd totally down something with fig jam, arugula, and/or goat cheese. Maybe I'm too bougie for this place but it was hard to decide what to order because nothing really spoke to me or sounded that great. I do want to come back for their bratwurst though!

Besides the dog, I also tried the wedge salad (hello freshness!) and was treated to their pretzel bite app by the staff, which is always appreciated. Everything is made to order, super fresh, and full of flavor, the menu just seems to need a bit of work to make this spot stand out from the many other gourmet and specialty hot dog options in town."
"Solid boba. Love how this place is nestled in the Chinese market shops.
Ordered two boba drinks, the #1 (how could I not? it's milk tea btw) and the #27 black sesame slush.

Employees were efficient despite language barrier. Store itself also sells variety of fruits and drinks, and other Asian snacks. 

Drinks were made to order but wait was not particularly long. Service with a smile.

Drinks themselves were great"" lots of flavor, perfect boba was soft and chewy, consistency of both drinks were what they were supposed to be. Friend commented that his milk tea was a little sweeter than what Volcano makes, but in a good way. I appreciated that the black sesame slush wasn't icy.

Though the product was fine, I don't know that I'll stop here in particular again consider there are so many other boba places nearby to try. Nothing stood out here, and I am not in need of the other products they sell."
"Bronze Café won a place in my heart with their original location at The Center, which recently closed. This location doesn't quite have things down as tight, from the food to the service. 

I've picked up breakfast burritos here before (that tofu scramble!) that took excessively long to make when I was the only customer present, but they're worth a wait. I also dined in once or twice after a run downtown, thankful for a spot to grab something quick and healthy.

Most recently, I ordered on my way to a night class using the Eat24 app. Order was not ready and was incomplete when I arrived, even though I was late. Again, I was the only customer. The soup was bitter and unpalatable while the salad dressing was so thick it had the consistency of hummus and couldn't be distributed appropriately. Though the staff were apologetic and I know the food has been better, this seems to be the norm more often than not, lately.

Still a fan, albeit with scaled-back expectations. Check the pics for the evening dinner and weekend brunch menus, which eventually I'm sure I'll try. The vegan baked goods selection is solid even into the afternoon."
"Orange Theory gets it's name from the scientific concept of the Afterburn Effect, which holds that your body burns more calories at rest following sustained high-intensity exercise. To ensure that you achieve this effect, you are provided with a heart monitor and a color-coded TV screen visual aid to show how hard you are working out. The setup is actually pretty techie here, with a PDF of your workout data emailed to you after your sweat sesh.

Tech stuff aside, no two workouts are the same here, which is awesome for someone like me who gets used to a workout quickly (and then plateaus). The classes are typically 60 minutes, and have less than 20 participants. The instructor leads groups stationed at different equipment, much like a circus ringleader: treadmills, rowing machines, TRX straps, and weights are used, for a mix of strength and cardio.

So far, I'm a fan. Call or signup on their website, and you'll get two free sessions. Classes are a bit high at $15/each but they have various packages with monthly rates ranging from $50-$150 for those who wish to go frequently.

Staff are stellar here, from Edwin at the front desk to Nick (head trainer and location manager, great personality!) and Rob (whose drill sergeant style is intimidating but effective!), they clearly all know their stuff and are happy to help you have the best workout ever, every time you walk in the door.

NOTE: They offer a teacher discount that knocks a few bucks off the higher-priced monthly packages!"
"This theater is nestled in the Clarion hotel and is a bit larger than you might expect- and the Shades of Sinatra show is actually pretty good too.

Theater has seen better days- tables are set with electric candles instead of the real thing (and ours was broken), and the booths look like they were put in around the same time Frank Sinatra was here, but their sound system is very much in working order- and perhaps set a bit too loud.

Hit the lobby before your show for a strong-ass drink."
"If you have a thing for late-night Mexican eats, this is your place- the drive thru makes it even easier to get your midnight crispy taco craving fulfilled without having to hit up a crappy chain. There's a huge menu, and they have daily specials if you're short on scratch. Their portions are pretty large, too.

But I've come by a couple of times and never seem to get an itemized receipt. The ""daily special"" bacon breakfast burrito never seems to ring up the same price twice. And the staff, polite though they are, barely speak enough English to take an order. Stick to the nachos, burritos, or adobada fries for freshest food."
"This place is dangerously close to my gym- as in, I may need to go to hypnosis to forget this place exists otherwise I may be in for some weight gain stopping by after my work out.

All jokes aside, the beef they're known for has been my least-favorite menu item: regular beef, wet, hot and sweet, with provolone, was dryer than expected (both meat and lack of gravy) and provolone was tasteless and minimal, as to render it practically nonexistent. Sweet peppers were good though, and meat/bread were of good quality. Overall just more miss than hit.

Polish style Chicago dog was a score: thick and juicy, topped just right, but bun fell apart halfway through, which sucks. Bit too wet here with sauces, as opposed to the sandwich having too little moisture. Would get this again, or try their chili dog.

Speaking of chili, I have strong feelings about chili and usually prefer that it be made WITH beans. The one here is without, and on fries with cheese it is amazing. Ultimate fat girl food. The small is enough to share, I enjoy them too much to try the buffalo bleu fries though they sound awesome too.

Can't wait for the fall weather to get here, as soon as temps go down I'll be back for the full tamale boat with chili and onions. Service was adequate- not much personality but efficient and relatively quick. Décor is Chicago pride, as you'd expect, done without being gaudy."
"Xcycle has now expanded to add a yoga studio to supplement the offerings on their cycle schedule! Location is in the busy Boca Park area, but this space manages to be a serene sanctuary in the middle of a bustling shopping plaza. Decor is modern and there are lots of thoughtful touches like the styling tools and products available in the bathrooms. Bonus points for having USB outlets in the lockers, so your devices can charge while you're in class- it also prevents tech addicts from ""going live"" in the middle of class.

Xen Free Flow class with Dray (75 minutes, lightly heated room), whose style you may be familiar with from Silent Savasana events, is a solid class with a long warmup, some head stand and jumping poses I was unfamiliar with towards the end. This is a class to push yourself, not really one to relax. 

XenFit with Shannon is intense in a different way. It's a boot camp class, for starters. Several attendees were under the same misimpression I was, that it was a yoga class with a side of  cardio, maybe on par with Piyo. Nope, it's straight up bootcamp, in a heated room, and it'll kick your ass. Lots of jumping, planks, and handweights. Good workout, just not what I thought I signed up for (literally).

Overall, this is a solid studio but not one I'd necessarily recommend for newbies. Classes are adaptable for any level and modifications are available, but teachers tend to offer most support the higher level students looking to perfect a pose or push to a new level rather than correcting form. Pricing and amenities on par with the location, combo memberships available to do both yoga and spin."
"Decent casino, once you actually get in. Single turn lane to get onto property from the Strip and a gigantic and confusing parking garage situation turns this into a time-consuming process.

Good selection of dining, snack, and drink options, including a Starbucks on the floor, a pie dessert place, Fat Tuesdays for frozen drinks, and a wok/sushi place that looks rather upscale.

Floor of slots is kept clean and has a lot of variety, but I played and was in the area for over three hours and was never approached by employees or offered a drink. Found that very odd.

 This is definitely a place for young partiers to stay, the floor was constantly congested with girls whose breasts were falling out of their tops and women who were flat-out falling as they made their way back to their rooms. 

 Stayed in rooms twice now, I've really liked them. The deals on Hotwire are always well-priced (and you can package together with flight from SFO super cheap), and the on site gym is sufficient for your cardio workout."
"At some point I saw the DDD episode featuring this place, and immediately bookmarked it upon moving to LV. I'll admit, I was saving it for a day when I needed to take out the BF to get some extra brownie points: he's from Russia and loves to find cafes to have the food when it's cooked well. Knowing this place would blow him away, I saved it for precisely the right moment.

We went in and immediately fell in love with the interior décor and atmosphere- there was a musician in the corner singing covers of easy-listening hits, small mismatched tables and chairs arranged in cozy groups, and little trinkets sprinkled everywhere. I belatedly noticed the chalkboard specials in the entry area after we'd already ordered, but it gave me several ideas for what to order next time.

BEEF STROGANOFF RAGU ON PELMINI: BF said this was the best stroganoff he's ever had, and he grew up eating it in Russia and has had the dish more times than most Americans have had spaghetti and meatballs. Dumplings were great (though few, the order comes with 4 so it's shareable but only barely), loved that they weren't overcooked as they have been elsewhere we've ordered them. The mushroom ragout though was what really made the dish, and we made sure to scoop up what remained using the crusty homemade bread.
KHACHAPURRI:  Georgian bread dish with cheese and egg; really rich and seems more like a breakfast or lunch dish than a dinner one to me, but something worth trying if you've never had it before. 
CHEBUREKI: a two-piece order for a good price,  good to add on and try. They're fried beef dumplings, similar in size and shape to a large potsticker, topped with green onion and dill. The dill especially really complements the filling, you'll want to pinch up extra from around the plate. 
THRACIAN CLAY POT: a small-looking portion served in the clay pot it's made in, the dish is composed of tomato, egg, sausage, peppers, feta, and onion. Reminiscent of shakshuka, and best eaten with some of the homemade bread.
BISCUIT CAKE: a take on tiramisu, super moist and flavorful with just the right amount of chocolate to make it sweet but not overwhelmingly so. Slightly disappointed that I did not taste the Lavazza espresso at all.


We've already decided to make this place a regular date night stop. So glad Ive finally found a place we'll go to regularly for eastern European food."
"Cranberry, cream cheese, bomb sauce, oh my! Crazy-ass sandwiches are here in Vegas from the Bay area: Sandwich Spot is like the Diet-Coke version of the wild combinations at Ike's, but I'll take what I can get here in the desert.

Got the Carter, overflowing with hot turkey, avocado, bacon, cream cheese, and bomb sauce. Plus the usual lettuce-tomato-pickle-mustard-kayo-onion thang.... except someone forgot the bomb sauce!  Also, the cream cheese was applied so sparingly that I couldn't detect it- either it was forgotten too, or the sandwich artists are taking care not to overwhelm the tastebuds of Las Vegas.

Sandwich Spot makes awesome sandwiches as a chain, and I'm understanding of flaws given that they just opened, but I'll be ordering dine-in until my meals start matching my orders. Glad to have you guys in Vegas, please post the menu behind the counter so employees can be sure to get it right."
"Vicky Q put it well, calling this place a neighborhood gem. Had I not looked it up on Yelp, I never would have expected to find such good nigiri in this plaza, let alone for such good late happy hour prices!

Quality of the fish here is outstanding. Highly recommend coming during late happy hour, 10:30PM to 1:30AM, Monday through Saturday. Seems to be a popular HH, as all the seats at the sushi bar were taken so I had to dine solo at a table. Service throughout my visit was attentive and non-judgmental, despite my ordering half the menu.

Highly suggest ordering all of the HH nigiri listed- the black snapper with capers, red onion, and garlic soy sauce blew my mind. Salmon was thick, buttery, and beautiful, baked freshwater eel was just okay.
The designated HH rolls are also good- HH1 and HH2 both involve the albacore and spicy garlic ponzu sauce but somehow still manage to taste like fairly different rolls.
Ika-Age calamari, black cod butter lettuce, and mushroom miso weren't as memorable as the sushi options, but all were very solid. The lettuce wrap in particular was a very tasty small bite, the ika was enjoyable but not a must-have, and the miso was a good starter for the sushi, made heartier by the three thick slices of mushroom.

Interior décor is upscale, service is friendly, HH menu cannot be beat for pricing and quality- definitely a good secret date-night place!"
"I only participate in the plant-based lifestyle on a part-time basis, but I've been eagerly anticipating the opening of Panacea! The location and food are beautiful, their aesthetic and attention to detail throughout are as nice as the high-quality eats. Service is warm and friendly, but speed is not their forte so come when you have time to chill and relax in their colorful, cozy space. 

Of their ""green bowls"", I've had the 118* Chopped Salad ($12) with all the vegetables in the house in a delicious warm shallot thyme vin dressing. It's super fresh with tons of textures!
Their Cracked Freekeh and 8 Grain Rice ""grain bowls"" are more filling, but also full of fun flavor pairings. The curry-tinged beet puree is especially enjoyable. 
I'm less into smoothies, and the Divine Femininity was nicely light and floral with rose water but thinner than I personally prefer my blended beverages. They also have ""medicinal cocktails"" and tea services available. And yes, they do have honey, which some hardcore vegans have absolutely no chill about. Panacea does not claim to be vegan, just plant-based, so look out for your dietary needs here as you would anywhere else.

In addition to eats and drinks, Panacea has events (find them on social media) and a small gift shop area with jewelry, literature, and essential oils for your favorite plant-powered person!"
"In the interest of full transparency, let me say that donuts are typically something I get for other people. I don't usually inhale, so to speak. But man, Fractured Prune tempts me. Their cake style donuts are made to order to your specifications for glaze and toppings. The chocolate mint one was definitely unique, and they have some great seasonal specials.

I've heard about FPD for ages now, but finally made it over for their National Coffee Day promo- staff are super friendly and their Whiskey Barrel cold brew is damn delicious, I'd come back just for that. But somehow I found myself back here twice in two weeks to grab gift boxes for friends or work events, and I'd customize and devour one of my own. Bonus points for their great packaging, love how you can get a 2-piece. Also, note that these donuts keep really well and don't get stale the next day. But don't go too crazy ordering, because the cake-style is still pretty filling so you probably won't eat more than one or two."
"I knew I had to go to this place when I saw it on LV's top five restaurants lists. My need to come became urgent when I discovered that 5 of my Yelp friends gave it five stars. When I realized it was less than two miles from home, I rearranged my plans and went by last night.

I love Korean, I love Mexican, and I really love fusion. The menu made my mouth water, and from the sound of it, this place was poised to become my new favorite restaurant.

But somehow I was underwhelmed.
BF and I went a little nuts and got the bulgogi nachos and the bulgogi cheesesteak, then added in the won ton soup for good measure. The nachos were tasty, but after getting the free chips and salsa/guac it was almost chip overload. The cheese was plentiful yet subtle, and the salsa had a light fruitiness to it- a lot of different flavors somehow came together really well. The cheesesteak is the stuff dreams are made of, for my BF- he inhaled it. Huge portion, great value for the price, but for me it lost the excitement after a few bites and the fries were just right (in terms of cooking- they were perfectly crisp) but bland (no salt or seasonings).
The won ton soup was our only non-fusion item and it was a good-sized portion with plenty of won tons and a light yet flavorful broth, with lots of onions. The description mentioned mushrooms but I only found one- not clear if they were inside the 'tons and one popped out, or if there were meant to be more.

Service leaves a lot to be desired. Only one waitress for the whole place, fairly slow and a bit too casual for my liking, but we did get our food and their business did pick up so I should probably not be quite so picky.

Overall, the food was tasty- enough so that my BF ordered a burrito go to to take to a friend he wanted to introduce the food to- but after so many five star reviews and a great rating, I just had hyper-inflated expectations, I guess.
Will be trying the burrito myself next visit- wasn't in the mood for one last night, but maybe that dish will push me into five-star territory."
"Get yourself to Sushi Hiroyoshi post-haste! This space has undergone a complete transformation since it's days as Sushi Yamaguchi- the formerly messy, cave-like space is now clean, open, and modern. Quality and service are stellar, and I place them on par with a lower-priced Kabuto. 

APPETIZER TRIO: Chef's choice of three different featured apps for the day. Ours were a tofu-uni dish, a seared tuna, and a cucumber-jellyfish salad, all of which were delicious. This first dish really set the tone for the beautiful presentation and careful balance of flavors we would experience throughout our meal.
RED MISO: A comforting alternative to the usual (white) miso soup, with tofu and mushrooms.
SCOTTISH SALMON TARTARE: Fresh fish, avocado, salmon roe, and spicy miso sauce, again with nice presentation. It may be helpful to ask for a spoon for this dish.
NIGIRI: Super fresh. Go with any recommendations you receive. Had great masu, Hamachi, akami, ika, and (an especially amazing) hotate on our first visit. Everything was of great quality, and large thick pieces with lightly-vinegared perfectly-formed rice. 
TORO TAKU: Maki-style roll with fatty tuna, scallions, pickled daikon, and bonito flakes. Possibly our favorite item tried on our first visit. Simple but wonderful.
UNA KYU: Maki-style roll with golden eel and cucumber. Savory and enjoyable.
FLASH ROLL: One of the few somewhat-Americanized rolls on the menu, in five large pieces with salmon, tuna, yellowtail, avocado, and masago in soy paper. BF really enjoyed this.

I can't fully express what a gem this place is. Space is small, seating a maximum of 30. Service is attentive and personable, even if seats at the bar aren't available. Fish freshness and quality was much higher than location led me to expect, with generous cuts and proper rice ratio. Dishes and quality were comparable to what we received on a recent trip to Kabuto, at half the price (though none of the grilled dishes). I live dangerously close to this spot and it will be hard to try new places with this spot right outside my backdoor.

TIP: Lunch menu features a daily bento and sashimi combo, both exceptionally well-priced."
"If there were such a thing as a neighborhood sushi bar, this would be it. The location is cozy, the service is familiar, and the food is just right. I'm not sure I'd pick it as a date night destination, but it is a good spot to grab lunch or catch up with a friend if you're in the North Vegas area. 

They offer AYCE and the rolls are fairly creative, but the combo meals are the best deal: the sashimi or sushi plates come with multiple courses of soup, salad, tempura, and rice before you even get to the main plate. Unless you have multiple stomachs or answer to the name of Matt Stonie, you'll probably be too full to finish, and it's under $20."
"Oh my lord- East coast Jewish delis are amazing, and this place can holds its own with the best of them. As soon as I saw the menu here, I started (favorably) comparing it to Miller's on Polk Street in SF, where I first had matzo ball soup.

The soup here, which we started with, is just as legit. And the portions are just as huge, too- the one pictured is a cup. It could easily be a lunch, and is served with a couple of tasty-ass bagel chips too. Rye flavor, natch.

BF opted for one of the most expensive (and largest) sandwiches ever, the JR Boucher, which is a triple-layer with pastrami and liver. Yeah, that didn't sound tasty to me at all, and it's $18. But we got it, and it's frickin' delicious: all the components work so well together, they harmonize like a choir of angels. Oh and one sandwich is easily like three meals. We shared it and still had half for dinner.

And, because I'm a total glutton and never on this side of town, I had to get my own dish, too. I got the Ceily's stack- latkes stuffed with brisket, topped with two types of cheese and brown gravy. It's even more amazing than it sounds, priced at $12, and is also easily split into thirds. Just finished my order for lunch today.

With two heavy take-out boxes in hand, we rolled ourselves out the door... And promptly axed any plans of looking for a rental property in Henderson, because I don't want to weigh 400 pounds and if this place were nearby, that might be a serious possibility."
"This European market is a new find for me- I usually just take my business to Jones Market but love to stumble upon and explore other options around town. Heads up that this place does not have a produce section, but they make up for it by having a deli with sandwiches baked goods. 

Exterior needs some work- appears to be a generic convenience store. Inside there are several rows and a few refrigerated sections, the aforementioned deli and a dine-in seating area, a ton of sweets/baked goods, and a large section of alcohol/wines and smoking paraphernalia/products. 

Staff is laid back, store is clean. 
Highly recommend the deli section- they have a bomb Italian sando, as well as a really good turkey BLT option that's great with mozzarella. The meats and cheeses are cut to order. Baked goods include breads (day-old for as low as TWENTY CENTS) as well as sweets (giant cupcakes for under $2). Pricing is good, selection is decent."
"The dining room itself ain't much to look at, but they play KPOP music videos for entertainment and have Japanese fashion magazines in the seating area if you're in a more quiet mood.

Employee recommended the rose milk tea, I added boba- was really surprised by the quality, as rose drinks tend to be a bit too strong for my liking and/or obviously fake with overly-syrupy sweetness. Not the case here! Boba was also fresh, soft, and warm, with the perfect texture and a very generous amount.

Why only three stars? No consistency. Subsequent visits plagued by aggressively disinterested service and boba that was too hard, then too soft, but never again just right."
"Love the brand's clothing, accessories, and gifts- store is similar to a higher-end and older version of the Urban Outfitters combination of products, and geared exclusively to women. Wish they had more in the way of décor or housewares rather than just kitschy gifts.

Store does not seem to have much of a clearance/sale selection- most of the stuff in that area is there because it is unflattering in cut or design, or the pattern is outdated, but you can find much better clearance merchandise online.

Service here needs work. Two or three employees were working when I was visiting, and I was never addressed other than calling out ""hey"" when I walked in- as I browsed, the business picked up and some others were engaged in conversation while again, many were ignored altogether as employees conversed.

Jumper and onesie selection here was outrageous and discounted, which may be a highlight if that's your fashion. Store seems to carry quite a bit of Aztec print items, whether that's seasonal or not I'm unsure."
"A pre-made sandwich from a refrigerator case and a bottle of water for my 5 hour flight was just under $20. Not unusual for airport pricing. Turkey club sandwich was just okay, hard bread topped with a ton of avocado, which made for a messy mid-flight meal. 

I vaguely remember having a burger here once during a flight delay at their dine-in counter, and it was unremarkable. Might be better for liquid libations instead."
"This is ""the happiest 5K on the planet""! Run or walk with your friends and family in a party atmosphere with color powder being tossed at you for every kilometer you complete. Makes for some crazy photos and a fun, non-competitive take on a charity run. 

Packet pickup the day before went smoothly, TCR is pretty well established and has everything down to a well organized system of procedures. Check-in ticket was emailed the day before, printed or scanned from phones, and you got what you needed without hassle. 

Day-of was also pretty smooth. Start line had zumba, stretching, and tons of bubble machines going. Race itself started on time, and the finish line had some business booths and food trucks available. Unlike most races, people were easily able to walk up and register, and instead of promptly starting at 8AM it seemed like you could walk up and join the event for a couple of hours.

Though they emphasize fun instead of competition, I do wish they would add a timing device (or the option for one) to our number bibs for those who are interested in their pacing."
"This place was recommended to me by a random stranger at a bar. Once I looked up the Yelp reviews, I went in that same night. What can I say, patience is for losers.

HH specials from 10-1AM. Location décor is nice, the cozy nooks allow for some privacy for dining with friends or a date. Service is attentive without constantly stopping by the table, which again lends itself to a more private meal.

POTATO SALAD WITH BLEU CHEESE: Creamy texture, cheesy taste, what's not to love about this? Simple but tasty. Ate it too fast to get a pic.
GOBO CHIPS: Not clear what these are made out of, but they're crunchy and light and have a good flavor, seasoned lightly with furikake.
TEKKA ROLL: Pretty standard, would stick to sashimi here.
FRIED GARLIC POTATOES: More potatoes? Yes, they're tasty. Garlic taste isn't too overwhelming but it paired well with the sauce from the next dish...
BABY SQUID STIR FRIED IN GARLIC: Hands down the best dish. I'd eat a whole trough of this on my hands and knees, it's that good. Garlicky sauce, tender squid babies, and green onion. So, so good.
ABURI SABA: Can't go wrong with mackerel, didn't care for the acidic dipping sauce it was paired with.
SALMON DON: bowl of sushi rice topped with salmon sashimi. Salmon was good, portion of rice was a bit much.
TOMATO BACON: if you love BLTs, you'll love this. Not particularly unique but love the taste, I get this often.
TEMPURA CHEESE: Now THIS surprised me. Tempura mozzarella, havarti, and brie. The portion of fig jam could have been more generous, it was barely a single bite. Dish wa still good.
SALMON SASHIMI: Quality of fish in the don was so good we just asked for an additional order of sashimi. For $11, it's a steal. So fresh and delicious, just dip slightly in soy sauce and enjoy.

Don't forget to use your Yelp check-in offer for a free appetizer. Beers and wines are half off during HH, and the house Cab is actually pretty good quality. Menu is extensive, but most everything was really good."
"Got takeout for dinner here: went for the lomo saltado and the stuffed avocado. Called in my order at 8PM, was told to be there in ten minutes- arrived in 15, and still waited another 10. Not a big deal, gave me time to take in the décor.

I'm not sure why whoever opened this restaurant to sell Peruvian food and didn't bother to remodel he interior. Even just painting the red portions of the walls and trim to yellow or green, to match the logo on their business cards, would be a huge step up and be more cohesive and on theme.

Finally got my food and headed home, hoping the lack of Peruvian influence in the décor was not going to be repeated in the kitchen. But I was at least partially surprised by the quality of the food: the lomo saltado was a plentiful portion (thankfully, as the pricetag was $14) with peppers, onions, and steak strips over an overwhelming portion of fries, served alongside white rice. The rice actually, was very good. Despite not appearing to have any seasoning, it was flavorful and moist without being ""wet"". Loved using it to soak up the extra juices from the steak and onion sauté. However, I do agree with other reviews that say that the steak could have been more tender.
The stuffed avocado was perhaps the most underwhelming Peruvian dish I've ever paid $7 for. The avocado was not even ripe, and the mashed potato, chicken, and mayo mixture was bland and homogenous to the point where I could not find chicken in the dish. Not sure how or why this is so highly recommended in other reviews, maybe it was just an off day.

Side note: the creamy-looking red salsa sauce they have is surprisingly flavorful.. and has quite a bit of kick to it! Definitely get it but use it sparingly until you figure out if you can take the heat.

Edited to add; subtracting an additional star because I got sick to my stomach shortly after posting this (about 10 minutes after finishing my meal) and I continue to feel queasy."
"I'm not a fan of giant portions and I generally try to stay healthy. That being said, I'm addicted to Yelp and try places against those ideals when I feel it's worth it. Visiting here wasn't my pick. But it wasn't nearly as bad as reviews here led me to expect.

20 minute wait for lunch on a Saturday around 11AM, pretty standard.
We were seated at a cocktail table in the bar area and I really liked our server- Kelli?, lady with spiky hair and friendly, casual demeanor like a female Guy Fieri.

BF ordered the sage fried chicken and waffles, and highly suggested that I order the Kokomo meatloaf sandwich- so I did, with the house salad for the side instead of fries.  Portions for both are enormous and we could have easily shared just one dish, but wanted to try more than one dish. And now my guy has dinner to take with him to work tonight, so it all works out. $30 and change before tip.

Fried chicken and waffles- chicken is actually pretty moist and flavorful, waffles weren't bad but also weren't my thing. Accents of fried leeks and some roasted peppers made this better than I expected. Didn't go overboard with the maple syrup.
Meatloaf sandwich is hefty- ate about a third of it and had my fill of the flavors. Liked the tomato sauce, felt the mozzarella taste was masked by stronger flavors but the texture broke up the meat and bread a bit. Heavy and rich, even if you're hungry, split it.

Ultimately, my careful picking at each dish and my hungry guy eating what he wanted (damn his metabolism!) only made half of each meal disappear. While many reviews here indicate that the kitchen is more focused on quantity than quality, the flavors weren't bad but given the gigantic portions, easily get redundant. 
Best to come with a group and share a few dishes."
"Full menu even late night? Rockin'.
Driving into town wiped me out, so I took a nap that somehow lasted several hours and missed dinner, so the BF and I headed here for some quality food when finally arose from my slumber.
Despite the late hour, the whole menu was available, and the kitchen was still making orders well- I hate how you can go to a place that claims the whole menu is available, and then they half-ass your order. That was NOT the case at all here- we had an amazing chicken enchilada soup, though it was a little spicy for my preferences; BF got an amazing sandwich/burger (unfortunately neither of us can remember which); and I got one of the grilled chicken salads, with a homemade garlic dressing- the salad itself was huge and filling, but the ingredients and dressing were relatively light, which was appreciated as I'm trying to workout less without gaining weight.
Bartender, as others have said here, was awesome- super friendly, happy to make recommendations, and just overall a good, pleasant guy.
Drink specials were good, though I don't specifically remember what they were and I'm sure they change frequently.
Great off the strip late-night dining option!"
"I've been here a couple of times but both the food and service on my most recent visit ensured I won't be back. I vaguely recall getting pizza at least once but it didn't make enough of an impression to leave a review. Ordered takeout wings for a VGK game night and they were dry - both in terms of being overcooked and barely sauced. 

I recently purchased a Groupon to use on a future visit but luckily saw some posted signage that basically invalidated the deal- Groupon is for takeout but they require that you be there in person to place your order (rather than by phone) with at least two people present, regardless of how many people you are ordering for or how much you spend. Who even does that? I figured a business with zero customers on a weekend with low ratings couldn't possibly be in a position to turn away business, but a staff member clarified that they would rather I get a refund from Groupon (and not come back at all) than come back and try to use it without following their arbitrary rules that contradict both the fine print AND common sense. Good luck with that."
"A flaming preying mantis guards the Downtown Container Park, which is exactly what it sounds like: a playground park surrounded by stacked shipping containers housing a group of unique boutiques, shops, and restaurants you can't find elsewhere in the city.

Food options include barbeque at Ern's, frozen treats and sweets at Sasa and SweetSpot, and gourmet twists on hotdogs, tacos, and popcorn. Most boutiques are geared toward women's fashion accessories, but there is also a toy store, a Disney art store, and a general store. 

Plenty of stores to explore, a playground for kids during the day and adults at night, and alcoholic beverages available around every corner and in every form, from draft beers at the hotdog stand to frozen spiked pops at the popsicle place.
Worth a visit, lots of nooks to explore, a stage set up for live music, and free parking on Sundays."
"Just about everything you could need for your kitchen, from unnecessary-but-cute gadgets and gizmos to handpainted place settings and $1000/set cast iron pans. Considering the high pricepoint, I was disappointed with service. Tons of employees standing around but not doing much to help, mostly talking to one another.

More a place to pick up gifts than the best value around- as Nelson said, much of what they sell can be found cheaper just about anywhere else it's sold. Props for offering the in-house cooking classes, and the calendar available on the exterior windows."
"BBBS is a solid local organization in LV. I've been to a few of their community presentations and have recommended their services to families in the valley, as youth mentorship is often needed but difficult to come across organically. They seem to do a good job servicing our community.

Most of my experience is through donations. They call or text a few times a year, and I gather items and set outside at a set time and date. Over a couple of years, I've only had issues once or twice where a donation either wasn't picked up or a receipt wasn't provided, but those errors are few and far between."
"Shout out to Greg in the shoe department- he was extremely helpful about locating wide mens tennis shoes. Unfortunately, he was working within the constraints of only having FOUR pairs of actual tennis shoes (as in, not cross trainers, for example, shoes specifically for tennis) in the entire store, none of which were in stock in wide sizes. He double-checked store stock and checked to see if he could order them in store and ship to our home for free before suggesting other stores (and even mentioned which ones offer price matching!) when he was unable to find what we needed here. Talk about above and beyond!

Unfortunately, deduction in stars for the company-specific reasons that made Greg unable to help us find the right pair. He was great though."
"I held off on reviewing this festival for a while because I don't like to be too negative. I watched Bambi again recently, and that whole, ""If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all!"" part really resonated with me. Oh, and I say that frequently in my life as a teacher of small children.

But this is Yelp, so eventually the truth has to come out. 
It is also thanks to Yelp that I attended this event, thanks to a ticket giveaway- thanks Drew!

I am not a huge beer drinker, but I can appreciate a good brewski. Being from Texas, we have plenty of breweries and frequent festivals where smaller companies get to inform attendees about their product and brand, and give out samples in the hopes that their creations will appeal to others and garner a wider customer base. 
Somehow, I thought this event would be similar.

The venue itself I was not a fan of, but I'll save that for another day.
I was mostly bummed that so many generic beers were there, and the event itself was mostly a game of ""collect and down the cups as fast as you can"" with no regard to quality and little effort made on the part of the brand reps to engage with attendees- the usual spiel about the hiTstory of the company, their special lines or ingredients, their stance on hops and IPAs, etc.

That being said, the music was decent. Woudln't expect less from an event held at the Hard Rock, though I can't honestly say I'd heard of any of the performers or rushed out to download any of the artists I heard.

In future incarnations, I would love to see this festival get more smaller and specialty breweries involved, such as Alien out of Albuquerque (their nut brown ale is out of this world! pun intended) or Ranger Creek ... 
Or maybe somehow convince the attending breweries to have samples of their ""real"" beers instead of just their basics. Maybe they just know the audience here though- it was kind of fratty rather than a crowd focused on craft brews."
"Gotta love Great Harvest. Popped into this location when I was in the area with a coupon, experienced the same fresh food and great service as at the north side location. My usual go-to is the Turkey Pesto but this time I tried the Roast Beef Chimmi Churri and Turk N Berry- both on the honey wheat, both cold. I liked both but preferred the holiday flavors of the latter, would probably reorder but on sourdough for a sturdier sando and try it warm. Had to resist the urge to get a loaf of the spinach and feta bread, but it sounded so good! They also have a shop area with kitchen supplies and gift items, but my order was ready so quick I didn't have time to talk myself into a purchase.

TIP: Check in on Yelp app for first visit, get a free cookie!"
"I come from the land of Alamo Drafthouse, so I have a fondness for adults-only dining theaters but Eclipse kind of missed the mark for me. The over-18 atmosphere, on-site bar, and dedicated parking are pluses, and the auditoriums are intimate with comfortable, reclining seating. However, their auditoriums are few so movie options are limited, as is the seating. They could easily add in another row or two and I'm unclear why they didn't. I realize no one goes to a movie theater to be wowed by design and decor elements, but the space is so bare that it looks like it's still under construction despite being open almost a year now. That said, auditorium one had good video and sound, no issues there. 

TIP: Snag a Groupon to check this place out at a discount. Use Fandango to check movie times, as their website is not particularly user-friendly."
"Great atmosphere: step through the doors and into the dark and you're totally transported into an Irish pub in Boston, complete with a labyrinthine layout of multiple dining rooms. Find the spot that strikes your fancy and await the bar wench! I mean, uh, your server or bartender.

There is no ""best time"" to come- there's always something going on! Select half-price apps for HH (3-6pm AND 11pm-2am daily!), weekday lunch and dinner specials, separate breakfast and late night menus, and even a Sunday roast dinner! I haven't had a significant portion of the menu, but it's a step up from the usual bar food: the mussels come in a tomato-based broth and a generous portion, splurge for the full size fish and chips (they're AYCE on Thursday nights), and put onion gravy on everything.

Service has been casual and friendly for both of my recent visits, attentive but not annoying. There are some closed-off tables and rooms that are good for small group events or special occasions. Good selection of beers and liquors if you're looking for something new to try- the Wells Sticky Toffee Pudding beer wasn't my thing, but it might be yours!"
"The decor, ambiance, music, and table service almost make you forget you're in an airport restaurant. But the prices don't. The breakfast burrito, with a few customizations, is fabulous and I would likely come back for it regularly... If the prices were dropped a few bucks and this weren't in the airport.

Standard breakfast burrito with choice of bacon or chorizo is just over $10, which is absurd to begin with. Subbing carne asada adds on $2. But the best (and most expensive) thing you can add to your burrito is queso sauce... Except it's an insane $3 fee. So your deluxe delicious breakfast burrito, with a side of potatoes (because a duvet-sized tortilla simply isn't enough carbs for one meal) will set you back nearly $20 with tax and tip. Frankly, I can't justify or afford that, but if you can, by all means contact me to be your personal assistant.

Seriously though, the proportion of egg to bean to bacon in the regular burrito is perfect, the pico adds an awesome bit of freshness and acidity, and the queso makes it a next-level contender for one of the best I've had. But only a captive audience will pay that kind of price, and they damn sure won't be happy about the bill."
"There are only two redeeming qualities for this gym. 
The first is the 4:00PM Body Pump class on Sunday with Kathi- no other LVAC has an evening BP weekend option, for some insane reason. Overall this chain needs to beef up their weekend afternoon class options, but that's whole 'nother rant.

The second redeeming quality is that Group Class Gym #1 (where the class above is held) and the Women's Fitness Area (where I kill time before that class) are both on the first floor- one immediately to the left of the entrance and one to the right. It really doesn't get simpler, and I can just go in and out without dealing with too many 'roided out jackasses."
"Texas BBQ House has the closest thing to Texas style brisket that I've found outside of Texas- props for offering it three ways, moist (fatty cut), cutter (chopped), or lean (why?), with my preference obviously being the first. Squirt on some of the ""hot"" bbq sauce (unless you're a pansy, then choose regular), add on a couple pickles, and it's heaven. White bread and red onions are optional. 

Heads up, even though the wait time isn't nearly as bad as Little Miss BBQ, if you don't go early they'll be out of a lot of things, most definitely the ribs. Even going in an hour after opening on a weekday, they were down to just brisket, pulled pork, and sausage. That said, I'm not much of a fan of pulled pork but theirs was really good: not too saucy or too sweet. Hot links were solid, too. 

Loved the atmosphere with picnic tables and outside seating, country music blasting, and three different football games playing. Really hit the spot when I was feeling homesick during the holidays. Opt for the $13 1-pound Texas PoBoy if you want a taste of everything!"
"I've been to a Bonchon location when I lived in San Jose years ago, and I don't recall being wowed. However, I recently read an article that raved about their sticky, Korean-style wings, so grabbed an order of takeout while in the area. Ultimately, I'm left with mixed feelings.

Bone-in wings are the way to go. Boneless wings are chicken nuggets, and you're better than that. They also offer drumsticks, but these were on the dry side and heavily battered. The wings were hot and juicy, cooked all the way through, and crispy. I prefer a saucier wing but these were very well prepared. I got half and half, soy caramel and spicy garlic. As I made my way through the order, I didn't have a flavor preference- didn't love or hate either. It feels like something is missing to be eating wings without dipping them, but that may just be my own preference.

Orders here are sided with coleslaw or cabbage, neither of which I really care for. I do wish they offered japchae as a side but it is only available as a $12 entree. Fries are also an option, but only as a separate order."
"Keeping this one short and sweet: eating froyo is always a treat, but not one I indulge in often. Unlike other DIY froyo spots, Pinkberry staff assemble your creation for you. Their selection of flavors is limited but solid, and now even offers nondairy options like their coconut-milk base (which I actually prefer over plain tart). Toppings are ample and fruit is always fresh, location has been clean when I've been in. Makes a good post-workout treat after an endurance class at XCycle across the parking lot.

TIP: Discount with Yelp check-in!"
"This tiny park has the basics: a walking loop, dog pop bag stations, a covered pavillion with BBQ pit, and a playground with adjacent seasonal splash pad. The parking lot is really small and the nearby school causes it to get pretty busy with waiting parents in the afternoon, so it's not the most peaceful place to chill. However, it's right across the street from a fire station, so it's very clean and safe."
"Four stars? For a smoothie joint?! Yes- having the nutrition info for each smoothie drink on a sticker to put on each order, complete with ingredients and calorie count, is gold. I wish more small businesses (particularly those geared toward healthy choices) provided their nutritional information.

I don't understand the pandas everywhere, but Great Grubbing has a good variety of smoothie and coffee drinks, plus a case of desserts and snacks (the muffins are a hit), and even premade meals for the nearby LVAC crowd, again, with a nutrition label with calorie count available.

Service was super friendly and happily recommended the Caribbean Green smoothie despite my initial urge to chose the Pumpkin Pie version. Location is clean, with a black and green theme, and plenty of local business cards and ads- the community vibe is strong here!"
"Very cool building! Came here for two days of professional development with CCSD.
The focus was on tech, which was fitting for the location seeing as how it also houses the virtual high school.

Unfortuantely, throughout our visit we had several tech issues: wifi was spotty, laptops we were provided had major login issues, and devices generally experienced a lot of delays. This was especially frustrating as the training is to prepare us for going one-to-one with devices with our students- this was a good exposure to the many issues that can derail tech-based teaching.
That being said, staff here were exceptionally helpful and friendly, attentive to the difficulties and attempting to repair or alleviate them as needed.

Building itself is LEED gold certified, which is impressive. Information is posted in halls to read up on it, but the building itself is attractive and functional: exterior is nice, many windows, reserved parking for hybrid vehicles, and greenery and plant landscaping between buildings and in nooks/courtyard spaces. 
Bathrooms feature low-flow toilets with the green flush handles to specify liquid or solid waste. Was surprised that the bathrooms had papertowels rather than relying on Dyson blade dryers, or some similar product.

Overall pleasant experience. Interested in touring the PBS section of the building on a future visit.

More LEED building info from posters in the hallway:
-building designed so 75% of people inside are able to have a view/natural light
-parking lot, roof, and exterior done in white/off white colors to lessen ""heat island effect""
-Uses dolphin water filtration system (whatever this means)
-water can be harvested from the roof?!"
"Falafel, shawarma, hummus, and more- Kiton Kitchen has all your favorite Mediterranean specialties, served out of the former Al's Beef spot on the west side. Menu is pretty expansive with large portions and reasonable prices, and the cook in particular is super sweet.

Favorite thing I've had here so far is the Chicken Shawarma Plus- a giant platter of pita, chicken cooked with onions, rice or fries, plus fresh salads, hummus, and sauces. Definitely get the garlic and spicy sauces on the side, they're both great and made in house. The chicken is a huge portion and so flavorful, made with juicy thigh meat. 

Their falafel pita was somewhat disappointing- cut in half and torn, with fairly flavorless falafel and missing the additional condiments I'd requested. I'd prefer the more traditional stuffed presentation, which I may request on another visit. Maybe order carefully, or chalk it up to a new business working out the kinks in the kitchen. Most recently, I tried their chicken soup, which is perfect for the cooler weather and packed with protein and vegetables!"
"I have been hunting this truck down for ages! Oming and I are never on the same side of town and have drastically different schedules, but I finally got to try their sinugba pork belly bowl and lumpia at the recent Asian Night Market! Let me tell you: worth the wait, hunt them down if you can, and def grab a spot in line if you come across them.

Prices were very reasonable: $12 combo of chicken or pork belly, generously portioned, over rice, with a half order of lumpia (Filipino egg rolls). Everything was cooked well, with soft rice and juicy protein. The lumpia were crispy and addictive, and served with dipping sauce. The pork is their best seller, but they also offer chicken. This is a large enough portion to either fill you up or share!  I am so glad I finally got to try this spot because it definitely lives up to the hype, definitely one of the standout trucks in town.

TIP: Keep an eye on their social media, they're moving to a brick and mortar location on Blue Diamond soon! Hope to see more additions to the menu as they settle in!"
"If it's one thing Henderson excels at, it's parks and rec centers- even though this is one of their smaller ones, it has a lot of resources and it's also across the street from a park. This location isn't the best, but the nearby Multi Gen center is generally a better option.  The location is a little odd and difficult to find at the back of a neighborhood, but it's definitely a selling point to buy a house nearby.

Amenities include outdoor pool, tennis courts (not many, must reserve in person, odd hours), basketball courts, a gym (with TRX!), and classes for adults and kids. Parking lot is a little small and fills up fast when there are kids events- you can park on the street, but it then renders the bike lanes useless."
"This spot is 1/3 health supplement store, 1/8 tonic bar (has never looked open when I've visited?), and 1/2 teaching space. The classes seem to be their big draw, as their selection of products is fairly small with only a few items in each category. As the signage indicates, the shop offers natural supplements and remedies to common issues such as aches, pains, sleep and anxiety aids, and the like. They also have a range of plant-based protein powders, a few snacks, and a handful of bottled juices.

I had hoped to find a juice bar inside or a place to grab a quick lunch, like Rainbow's End- unfortunately this is not available at this time. I do not know if they have plans to expand their offerings, but they do have designated tables and chairs for an informal dining area. On-site classes, ranging from meditation, tai chi, qigong, and all sorts of informative meetings about the benefits of a raw food diet. Join their mailing list for store event and class information."
"Spotted this little cafe tucked into a Chinatown plaza and mentally bookmarked it for a visit. Despite having ""sandwich"" and ""noodle"" in their name, my first visit I didn't try either- Vietnamese coffee, pork spring rolls, and Hainanese chicken plate. Coffee wasn't too sweet, rolls were large with a good dipping sauce, and the chicken was amply portioned and moist. I took home plenty of leftovers and made plans to return.

Popped by to pick up a sandwich- Pork belly pate bahn mi was crusty without being dry and wasn't too heavy handed on the veggies. I'd check to see if they can add a fried egg to this in the future. Noodles are still on my to-do list here, but the weather is just now turning cold so it's only a matter of time. Personable service, seems to be family owned.

NOTE: The sauces rock. Mayo on the sandos is house-made and you can tell, and their crispy chili oil sauce at the table is made in house too. It's so good, I'm trying to get them to sell me some!"
"Gigantic HomeGoods store is now open, adjacent to TJMaxx. Let's get real, the home décor section is the best part of TJMaxx anyway, and now it's exploded to the size of it's own store. I especially love how they keep the ""regular price"" and ""our price"" stickers so I feel like I'm saving a sh-load on everything- makes it so much easier to justify having multiple sets of throw pillows and blankets for the couch.

Lighting section is incredibly well organized with table lamps, floor lamps, hanging lamps, and even outdoor lights, all with a variety of styles. Love how the different décor styles mingle in each department with pieces that are modern and retro, boho-chic and industrial, all accented by various displays that show how each style can actually work in your home with pieces entirely from the store.

Staff were everywhere, organization is evident, parking lot is gigantic and assistance with your items to your car is super convenient."
"Cozy cocktail bar with tapas galore. Came in with a friend a while back and we shared a few dishes. They have live music several days a week, and when we went the musician was great- there is a small dance floor and I hear it gets pretty wild on weekends. They have a HH (pincho w/drink purch, Tues-Thurs, 3-6PM) and free drink nights for women. Despite seeming to cater to drinkers (I'm not one), the tapas here are pretty good.

As for the menu, we shared an octopus dish, a steak dish, and some empanadas. They have two octopus dishes and I went with the server's recommendation for which one to get, and think I would have been happier with the grilled version. The steak had a great chimmi churri sauce, and the empanadas had a tasty filling. I would go back to try one of their paellas. Staff were friendly and the chef came out to speak with us during our visit, which was a nice touch."
"After living in SF, it's been difficult to find quality Indian food in Vegas- we don't have too many options to start with, but Urban Turban delivers in the curry department. And not in the literal sense, though there is a rickshaw by the hostess stand for photo ops.

Dine in at the bar or in the dining room proper, service is attentive and décor is dark and classy. Menu is a bit muddled, with small bites taking the most space and odd fusion items (Indian pizza anyone?) featured on HH special, but the traditional items are where they shine: chicken tikka masala, lamb curry, and fish curry were all delicious, sided with an impeccable butter naan and a mountain of white rice.

Bottomless curies and traditional dishes are just under $20/ea, before adding in apps (average $10) and drinks (full bar). This isn't your usual takeout indian or buffet bargain, but the quality is better than many other places in town.

EDIT: Dropping a star after another visit. Was too focused on the flavor to care much my first visit but the portion of meat in the curries is minimal, making this place a poor value. Menu needs to focus on the classics instead of the bizarre modern dishes that just don't work."
"If you've been able to visit the truck when it regularly swings into town, the offerings at the café aren't too much different- same great staples you always look forward to, now available without a special occasion excuse to indulge in all the greasy calories.

If you haven't had the food here before, it's Filipino wrapped in a burrito or taco, squished into a quesadilla, or thrown on some fries. It works: flavorful, crave-worthy, and comforting as hell. Don't go here if it isn't a cheat day, you've been warned.

Pork sisig burrito  ($7) is a classic complete with an egg inside, fries topped with any of their meats ($7) should be split among friends, café now offers dessert options as well.  Service is friendly, location is small but conveniently-located."
"Great spot to go with a group- came in with one for a birthday for my first visit, then returned to check out the brunch menu. Despite a couple of missteps, food and service were overall solid. This spot stands out by using a sourdough pizza starter with two bases and no yeast- the crust has a great balance of chew and crisp, with a distinct flavor. 

DINNER: Started the party at the bar and while I did not partake, everyone seemed to enjoy their selections. Shared two large pies in four styles, along with a couple of apps. The burrata (served bruschetta style) was great, while the dates and cauliflower were okay. The Vegas Meets Italy seemed to be the favorite pizza, with a long list of toppings that somehow managed to harmonize well together, particularly the arugula and prosciutto with ricotta. The 'Nduja also fared favorably, with a great balance of walnuts, goat cheese, and honey. Unfortunately the 5 Cheese Pesto seemed to have a bit too much cheese and not the pronounced pop of basil I'd hoped for, and the Old School was overly salty even to the more adventurous at our table due to the aggressive combination of olives and anchovies, while the egg was hard-boiled rather than softly so, eliminating the opportunity for the yolk to mellow the flavors. 

BRUNCH: Day drinking is encouraged and there is live music. Menu of several dishes priced at $10. Shared the Truffle Egg dish, which riffed on shakshuka, and the Salmon Pizza. Both dishes would benefit from additional ingredients to elevate the flavors, from fresh dill on the latter and perhaps peppers and a different choice of cheese (goat?) in the former. The pizza was heavy-handed on the cream cheese, but thankfully also with the salmon, making the dish a good value. 

SERVICE: Seems hit or miss. Dinner service seemed a little overwhelmed despite just a couple of tables on a Monday night, and we were given our group check without any mention of dessert despite making it clear we were celebrating a birthday. Brunch service was more personable, the single server was helped by the bartender to positive results. Friends who dined at the bar said service was top-notch there.

TLDR: Good group pizza spot to try their unique crust and unusual topping combinations while splitting the higher dinner prices. Current brunch menu is a good value. They also offer entrees and pasta dishes, will have to come back for more!"
"Recently referred here when my needs were beyond what urgent care could address. I spent 13 hours here, spending all but about 3 of them in the waiting room- wait time is ridiculous. A friend previously worked here and said the wait times I experienced here are typical. I was not visibly injured or in pain, so was not necessarily a priority.

Wait time aside, the actual staff I encountered here were professional and compassionate- specifically Francesca the ultrasound tech, my nurse Jaymi, and Dr. Nika Vizcarra. They were attentive to my needs, both physical and otherwise, and seemed genuinely concerned for my well being both during and after leaving their care. 

Staff here did as much as they could to help me. I was referred elsewhere for outpatient surgery, and even that experience went smoother than expected, due in large part to staff contacting my new facility directly and providing detailed documentation. Fingers crossed that billing goes as smoothly as the rest of my experience!"
"Prisma was a hit at a recent food truck gathering. Menu is concise and changes seasonally, with about five options and the occasional event-specific feature. So far, I've seen them twice at the Real Awesome Food Truck gathering on Friday and Saturday evenings downtown at the Llama lot- look up info on social media. They typically have at least one vegan or vegetarian option available.

The staff here are easy going and super talented. The dishes here have been great- I specifically recommend the Hakka Noodles, topped with a fried egg. Definitely add the chili garlic chicken. It's one of the most flavorful and photogenic dishes I've had out of a truck. Another winner was their calamari tacos, which were generously stuffed with lightly crispy seafood on blue-corn tortillas. Highly recommend, would stop here for eats any time I come across them. Bonus points for not being cash-only like so many other trucks!"
"Plantone's is the newest business to hit the south west side- small market, pizza bar, and a massive selection of sandwiches. From the minute you walk in, service is on point! There's a greeter stationed at the entrance to walk you through the menu and make suggestions, along with multiple staff attending to the dining room and checking on customers.

Pizza is available whole or by the slice- and slices are huge! The Paulie's Pesto Chicken was a great choice, with a thin stretched crust and a robust sauce. The Quattro Formaggio was even better for this cheese lover.  Tried the Italian Pork sandwich with broccolini and sharp provolone, and it was hearty and flavorful. Heads up that the au jus makes it a poor choice for takeout, so come try it when you can stick around.

Prices are pretty reasonable for the product and portion. There is patio seating that looks like it'll nearly double their available seating space in warmer months. This was already a busy plaza before they opened, so I imagine parking is only going to get more hectic. Coming back for the Angry Sicilian soon!

EDIT 03/23/2018: A year in, and they're still solid. The Angry Sicilian sando is huge and fresh, while my new fave pizza is their brunch option with scrambled eggs, pepperoni, cheese, and arugula. They also offer desserts, from cheesecake to cannoli, and their covered patio is perfect for spring!"
"I am thrilled to see a fresh face in the former Goodwich space! Slo-boy menu features innovative veggie-centric dishes with complementary sauces. 

Slo-wich: so good I ate it all! Generous portion of grass-fed Santa Monica tri-tip with Wookie Jack sauce on a sturdy roll that stood up to the grease and sauce. Would get this again, but maybe adding some sort of pickled veggie would make it even better.
Central Coast Salad (CCS): Greens and charred scallions topped with a nice, light beer vinaigrette and a generous portion of goat cheddar. Wish this had walnuts or something for added texture, but good lunch dish. Not a meal on it's own though, add a side.
Tamale Cup: This is the dish I was most interested in, but it didn't really do it for me. Individually, the mole, beef cheek, and masa components all seemed okay, but they didn't seem to form a cohesive dish. This was greasier than expected, but I am glad some pickled vegetables were included as topping.

Menu is limited but even this small sampling of dishes was enough to pique my interest in returning for more- the coq in a box and harissa carrots will be my next order!"
"Fresh-made Mexican food, available 24/7, at extremely reasonable prices. Whenever I'm near Nellis, it's hard to resist a stop by Rilibertos! Despite the similar name, this place has no affiliation with Robertos and has WAY better food and service.

The breakfast burritos are a favorite item, ordered all the way, packed with ham and dipped in their awesome salsa verde- and it's like $3. Their regular burritos are also good, but my guy tends to order their plates. They have late HH discounts and coupons to make their already low prices even lower- if you spend more than $7/person, you're pretty much guaranteed leftovers."
"After seeing the chile verde burrito from Phrank's listed in LV Weekly's Top 10 Mexican Meals, I had to try it. I happened to be in the area due to a Yelp event, so I called in a phone order and picked it up.

Shout out to their stellar customer service: the lady who took my phone order was sweet, quick, and efficient. And when I called back for their address, she gave me thorough directions, unsurprised that my GPS was coming up with errors. I really appreciated her help.

I finally got my opportunity to dive into my burrito, and it was enjoyable. The ratio of rice and beans was favorable- I prefer not to have too many in my burrito, if at all, and they were flavorful but light. The majority of the burrito was stuffed with shredded chicken, and there was a good amount of cheese, too. 
As for the chile verde component of my order- well, the chicken was flavorful and had a kick to it. But it wasn't noticeably ""chile verde"", it could have quite easily passed for simply a spicy chicken burrito. This coming from a girl who regularly goes to Albuquerque and knows chile verde very well- I'm even open to interpretations, but this just didn't have the tomatillo-chile kick to it that I was expecting after the rave reviews. That's not to say it was bad, I was quite satisfied with it and felt it was priced well (about $7), but it was not the quintessential chile verde dish I was led to expect."
"Recently featured as a ROTD, my BF and I came by for dinner. Prices are all over the place, with a few good deals but a lot need to come down a buck or two to be reasonable. We were one of two tables, yet our order took 25 minutes to come out and the entrée was unacceptable in quality. 

FRIED MUSHROOMS: $7 for 8 button mushrooms. Lovely crispy breading.
FRIED PICKLES: $5, overbattered and greasy but sweet-and-spicy dipping sauce was awesome.
FOOTLONG CHILI DOG: $8, shriveled hotdog looked like jerky it was so overcooked and the chili looked and tasted like it came from a can. One of the worst things I've ever been served in a restaurant. Intended to split it with my guy, but neither of us would eat anything beyond that first bite.

Our waitress noticed our uneaten meal and we expressed our dissatisfaction. They offered to box it up but not to remake it. She removed the hotdog from our table, showed it to the female manager, Kelly, (who left the scene and never returned), and brought us our check along with a comment card, stating that ""the system"" did not ""allow"" her to give any ""discounts"" but that we were welcome to leave feedback. The hotdog was still on the bill despite being sent back because it was inedible.

We asked to speak to management (who should have taken the initiative to come speak to us), and the male owner, Robert, came out and asked what the problem was.  We again reiterated that the hotdog was inedible, both looking and tasting like it was made yesterday. 

His response? A defensive, ""Well that's just like, your opinion."" Literally. His exact response, no irony whatsoever. He then went on to rant about how he's ""not afraid of bad Yelps"" and his food is made to order and if we're dissatisfied that's our prerogative and it must be our first visit because he ""doesn't give discounts.""
In the end, unable to reach a civil agreement, we were given the ultimatum to pay in full for a half-uneaten meal or he ""could comp the whole thing, whatever.""  I assume that was intended as a bluff but I simply left. 

I like their concept, but management is completely unprofessional and has no idea how to run a business or a restaurant- which was evident when they were featured on the show Hungry Investors.  Clearly they were unable to benefit from the publicity and learn from the experience- the same issues that held them back then are still here now.

EDIT: As of the time of this review, there are nearly 70 ""filtered"" reviews at the bottom of this page. If that's not a red flag, I don't know what is. Most of them are single-star experiences with terrible service and/or food as well."
"I missed the Milk Bar Yelp event and was surprised by the low ratings when this business opened, so I had to check it out myself. I have very mixed feelings about how to rate this place because some of the reviews are nitpicky as hell (but they bring up a lot of valid points), but the product is pretty good. Worth the Strip price-hike though? Debatable. 

LOCATION: Inside the Cosmo, easily accessible from the parking garage. Walkup counter, no dedicated seating, Chandelier Bar has couches and Eggslut has counter seating nearby. Other locations are walkup only, so this shouldn't be an issue. But a lot of people dislike it.

PRICING: Compared to NYC locations, prices are a bit higher (+75c per cookie, +$1 for Crack Pie Slice, +$1.50 soft serve, +$3 for greatest hits combo, etc.). Similarly, their Milk Quakes are $12 compared to other alcoholic shake options nearby that are $15. But the other place has larger portions and great presentation, too.

SERVICE: Fine. No complaints. My order was taken by friendly staff. I waited on one of my items for a few minutes and a staff member asked what I was waiting on, noticed it had been forgotten, and made it immediately. 

PRODUCT: Sampled a little bit of everything with the Greatest Hits Combo ($19). There are also mixes, cookbooks, tote bags, scarves, and such available for gifting.
Cereal Milk Soft Serve- other reviews say the flavor is bland and portion is small, but I could barely eat half of it. I'm not a corn flake fan but the texture was appreciated and enhanced the flavor, which had a nice pinch of saltiness to it like you really get at the bottom of a bowl. 
Compost Cookie- #nocrunchycookies! This had the perfect texture of soft and chewy, but not falling apart. Interesting combination of flavors but I can't really say I liked it. Maybe I'll try other cookie flavors in the future, but the NYC price is a lot more appealing.
Birthday Truffles- I couldn't decide if I liked this. Nice hint of bday cake flavor but really sweet. Only ate one of the pack of three and that was enough. This might be fun for gifting though.
Crack Pie- It's like pecan pie without the pecans and I like that it isn't too sweet but I'm not about to get addicted. As others have said, the slice is tiny. For the price, it should be deeper/taller. It's a nice little treat but the cardboard sleeve packaging preventing you from seeing the portion size is a bit deceptive.
Birthday Cake!- Okay, full disclosure, I got the cake free through an IG promo. The 6"" regularly retails for $56. The portion claims to feed 8-12, and I'd say that's accurate. It's fairly tasty and not too sweet, and I like how the crumbles add texture. The ""naked"" decoration style also keeps the ratio of cake to frosting more even, and the multiple layers are both pretty and help to distribute the frosting. Would I eat it again? Probably. Would I pay nearly $60 for this cake? Probably not. Unclear why the crack pie is available whole or sliced but their self-proclaimed ""fan favorite"" cake is not. 

In short, it's A-OK. It's exciting that we have a Milk Bar location on the West coast and I'm glad I tried it, but even if I happen to be at the Cosmo, it's not a must-go place for me. Even if there isn't a line."
"You know how they say not to order fish in a steakhouse? Reverse that statement completely at Sushi Roku- despite being named for their traditional fish dishes, they do a damn good job with meats. Order a steak or at least try a meaty app if you visit, you won't be sorry. 

GET IT:
Tuna Tartare Phyllo Cups with yuzu guac and soy truffle- beautiful and delicious!
Brussels Sprout Chips with truffle oil- crispy and addictive.
Mushroom Tempura with Creamy Miso- so savory, great sauce.
Hanabi- spicy tuna on crispy rice. But only if you've never had it. I'm a fan.
Salmon Sashimi Carpaccio- this was the better sashimi app we tried.
Diablo Salmon- a daily special roll, served with an incredible honey soy sauce.
Wagyu Sliders- thick and meaty, get more than one because you won't want to share
Grilled Lamb Chops with Chimmichurri Sauce- two piece app, super juicy!
Prime Rib Eye Steak ""Japonais"" or Filet Mignon- you can't go wrong with either of these large orders of tender, flavorful meat, sided with garlic green beans and potatoes. 
DIY S'Mores OR Chocolate Lava Cake- I mean, if you have to do dessert, you can either go with a something fun or something reliably good. Don't expect both.

SKIP IT:
Yellowtail diced chilies- It's the same dish you can find anywhere else.
Seared Salmon Sashimi- the fresh was better
Roasted Cauliflower- a fail. 
Katana and Shima Rolls- pretty basic, actually.
Assorted Mochi, Bananas Foster, Pumpkin Spice Bread Pudding- one was unremarkable, one was a little weird, and one was served cold.

Presentation of all dishes was stellar but the service wasn't as attentive as the location and price point led me to expect. Being that it's in Ceasars and specializing in seafood, be prepared to shell out (pun intended!) for your meal. They've got a solid HH available daily from 4PM til 6 or 7, depending on the day."
"I was drawn into this spot by their Pittsburgh style sandwiches and the promise of fresh-made pierogies. Kitchen is tucked into the Hard Hat Lounge (a local dive bar in an industrial area), which has thankfully been upgraded since my last visit with remodeled bathrooms and a good smoke filtration system. I do recommend dining on the patio or choosing takeout!

Opted for the Terry Birdshaw (grilled chicken, buffalo sauce, ranch, cheddar, fries, Italian slaw, and tomatoes on Italian bread, $10) -- good combination of flavors and ample portion size, but would prefer the option to pick blue cheese dressing. Bread is thick-cut (good for absorbing sauce without falling apart) but somewhat dry, would be better toasted or grilled, though that may not be ""traditional."" 
2 piece pierogi order (loaded with cheese, bacon, and onions, $5) was a tasty app, might try again sans toppings to enjoy the actual dumpling more but thankful to get my fix- wish this was offered in a larger portion as a plate.

Service was initially a bit gruff but takeout order was packed well with napkins, cutlery, etc and I was checked on while I ate outside.

Note: business is CASH ONLY, ATM on site ($3 fee)"
"Yes, you CAN stand up paddle board in Las Vegas! It's a drive out here, and the area doesn't have much going on besides the surrounding resorts, but call or book online to do some kayaking or SUP on a nice day. If you're not up for that much adventure, you can come and watch the dragon boat practices or contests.

The lake is fairly calm, life jackets are available, and lessons are quick. You can come in for a short group or family activity (grab a groupon!) or follow them on social media for special events like night paddles and full moon parties- everything is family friendly and the employees are helpful.

Park in the garage (level 5), use the walkway to access the marina area, and it's right on the water. The surrounding area is starting to pick up, and you have a few dining, drinking, and entertainment options to make a day out of it."
"Gorgeous interior with plenty of attention to detail: white woods, open spaces, hammered silver cutlery, and pretty floral bread and dessert plates that matches the wallpaper in the bathroom hallway (so gaudy it's great). I liked how everything came together decoratively, and the service was correspondingly professional and attentive.

Simple but solid steakhouse menu, everything was executed well: standard assortment of apps, selection of steaks and seafood, vegetarian options available. Beef tartare and roasted beet appetizers were predictable and a little underwhelming. Steak and lobster tail special ($65) was good quality with a surprisingly savory house steak sauce. Brussels sprouts and branzino (ask for extra chimmi churri) were typical and the oft-hyped mac and cheese waffle was a fun textural twist on the usual version (make sure you get the cheese sauce!), but the dessert was the surprise highlight: definitely get the peanut butter pretzel cheesecake! 

Overall, the food was good but not great. Andiron met my expectations for a good dinner, but knowing that this spot was voted the best new restaurant in Vegas for 2015 (even if it is largely a popularity a contest), I expected to be wowed... but wasn't.

EDIT: Dropping a star. Returned for brunch and service was largely absent. Our trio ordered several dishes to share and most were unremarkable. The shrimp and grits dish I ordered was pretty but barely seemed seasoned and the $10 avocado toast was flat-out boring. The dessert bar was a nice touch, but not enough to justify the prices for the quality put out for paid dishes."
"Tasty tapas? Sign me up! Cozy wine bar spot is owned and operated by a Spaniard bringing his home cuisine to the people of Vegas- their ten course tasting menu is a bangin' bargain at $45/pp. I'm not much of a drinker but their G&T is on par with the ones I've had at Jose Andres's restaurants on the Strip- at a fraction of the price and no parking fee!

I've come in with a group reservation and again with a girlfriend and both times, food and service were on par. With so many courses, there were a couple of dishes that weren't for us-- the fermented tomato salad was especially salty -- but by and large, dishes are thoughtfully executed and well presented. I especially enjoyed their seafood dishes and paella, and plan to return for their gambas (shrimp) and octopus.

Location is small, so reservations are recommended. The plaza is particularly crowded, so plan ahead. Chef Oscar himself is warm and friendly, servers are knowledgeable, and most food allergies or diets can be accommodated- make a reservation and get in here already!"
"Unlike the other reviews here that reference hair services, I came here and worked with Lisa for a massage. The massage space is upstairs, separate from the rest of the salon, which helps with scents, noises, and other potential distractions. The space is small but nicely decorated, clean, and cool. 

I opted for a deep tissue massage, and found at times that pressure was a bit lighter than I'd like- but before I spoke up, Lisa would find a kink or some tension and ratchet the pressure up to 11! If you want to be worked hard, just say so, she's more than capable with those strong hands.

I think she added on a few extra minutes to my massage, and she went over cupping as an option but I did not have a need for it. Lisa was knowledgeable and professional, and I especially like that she used the draping to blot up excess massage oil before moving on to a new muscle group. 

In addition to being a skilled masseuse, Lisa is also customer service oriented- it was easy to get ahold of her by phone or text, and she was able to accommodate a last minute cancellation and reschedule when a family emergency took me out of town unexpectedly."
"Great locals casino for more low key gaming without all of the bright flashing lights and loud obnoxious noises usually associated with a casino. Has a subway and an ice cream parlor at the entrance, so this place is as normal as it gets and not at all fancy. 
Came recently for an event- WWEs Summer Slam PPV was screened on a series of three large projection screens in the tournament room for a $5 cover, complete with various concessions offered, such as hit dogs, nachos, and $2 beers, much like you'd find at the event itself. Though I don't think that was intentional.

Food was okay and prices were reasonable, view was good and seating was both plentiful and well-placed, even for those of us who only arrived with a half hour to spare before show time. So,eons mentioned that reserved seats had been available, but from our seats a 1/3 of the way back, we could see and hear everything well so I don't know that I'd bother."
"Not sure what everyone else is whining about- I recently moved to a property that provides LV Net service with my rent, and all I had to do was buy the router.

At the store, I called LV to confirm what equipment was needed prior to leaving and employee was friendly and helpful.

Called again after setting up my network and not getting an internet connection. Three different people tried to fix the situation and kept in constant contact over a few hours, before determining that they needed to send someone out- and did so the very next day.

Was given a courtesy heads-up call when the tech was anticipating a delay, and again when he was on his way. Justin was friendly, polite, and respectful throughout his visit and fully answered my questions and explained my set up prior to leaving.

At one point my internet went down, and I simply called and spoke to Frederick who had it up and running again within a few minutes, with an apology and a suggestion for what to check if it happened again.

I love that I can call any time and immediately get a real person on the phone to help me. I haven't found that kind of accessibility with any other ISP, ever."
"""White-washed Mexican food""? Yeah, kind of. Your options are already pretty limited in Summerlin, but any place that unapologetically serves medium jarred Pace salsa with store bought chips ranks pretty low on my revisit list.

Lunch combos are cheap, menu has a lot of choices. Stuck to fairly safe options, including a chile relleno (I liked the sauce but pepper was soggy and had no spice) and chicken enchiladas (bland and unmemorable), rice and beans did not stand out. 

You can do worse for Mexican food, but you can also do better... maybe getting a margarita makes their food more tolerable. If I come back, it'll be for HH."
"This spot may have been worthy of the ""Resort"" in their name a few decades ago, but I think ""Lodge"" would be more suitable now. It's dated, but has good bones and the space has aged well, with exposed handcrafted wood beams. Service is old and old-school good, seems to have been around as long as the furniture.

Bar staff (Darlene?) was on her game, quick to provide service and tips for nearby hiking spots. The food is better than expected, with a pretzel dipper app whose cheese sauce tasted distinctly not from a can while the Mountain Man Stew surprised us with it's creamy consistency and slightly-spicy savory flavors. 

Note that they do offer HH specials, but they are not offered on Friday afternoons... this was a bit disappointing, as the place was totally dead. Prices are higher than expected for the setting and quality due to limited options this high up the hill.

Great view from the bar, picturesque water feature out front, good weekday rates for locals. Come here to briefly escape the heat during the summer."
"I don't have boba tea often but I really like this spot for their fully-customizable drinks and easy-access location. Prices are low and their grand opening promo loyalty card only requires 4 drink purchases to reach a freebie!

+ Customize your drink sweetness and ice level, pay under $4 for a large!
+ Self serve boba and topping bar to mix and match up to ~1/4 cup full.
+ Taste a sample cup to test sweetness before they serve your drink, so they can adjust rather than remake.
+ Location is quiet with WiFi and plenty of parking spaces.

I recommend the green rose milk tea, less sweet with light ice, with lychee and honey boba. They also have a sea salt foam add-on for $1 more if you're into that. My order is regularly dollar or two less than elsewhere and exactly how I like it!"
"The plaza this restaurant is in is full of amazing restaurants: Monta, Zen, Snowflake, and Trattoria Nakamura-ya. Big Wong has big flavors at a small price tag.

Service is attentive and food is out quick.
Soups are all fabulous: the wonton skins used are not cheap and the quality is evident when you bite into the shrimp-packed parcels. Broth was very flavorful and had just a bit of a spicy kick to it. Strongly prefer the udon noodles to the ramen noodles that are your other option. Both the WONTON SOUP and the HOUSE SEAFOOD NOODLE SOUP are good picks.

BEEF STEW is hearty and delicious, and the gravy had undertones of flavor that were reminiscent of pho. Not sure if they include bone broth in the gravy or if it's a particular aromatic, but the gravy had good flavor and the meat was tender.
STEAMED CHICKEN WITH MUSHROOMS AND SAUSAGE is a solid, filling dish, served with rice and greens. Flavorful sauce is light, sausage is salty, and flavors complement one another for a balanced dish.
SALT AND PEPPER WINGS are very salty and very peppery. Pretty sure this is not a dish you could order by itself, as even to eat just three of them I had to space out bites of wing with that of other dishes- if you have HBP you might want to steer clear, as the salt in this dish was quite high.

Vegetable dishes here are solid: the baby bok choy in garlic sauce is my favorite (second only to the one at Ichiza but the portion here is  three times the size), and the Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce is a staple as well."
"Raku is one of those Vegas-exclusive dining experiences every local has to have at least once. I lived here nearly a year and a half and finally found an occasion worthy of a family dinner at Raku. 

Appetizers
Raku's Tofu: worth at least trying, great silky texture
Kobe Beef Liver Sashimi: there's no getting around the strong liver taste, it's not for everyone. The roasted garlic chips add flavor and texture.
Steamed Foie Gras Egg Custard: great dish, minimal foie but still very enjoyable. There was also some roe in this that we hadn't expected.
Poached Egg with Sea Urchin and Salmon Roe: This dish wasn't for me at all. I like poached eggs, and urchin, and roe, but this didn't come together and the egg was closer to raw than poached.
Juicy Deep Fried Chicken: an incredible introduction to the wonderful chicken dishes Raku's kitchen puts out, even the spinach garnish was delicious

Rice & Noodle
Grilled Rice Ball in Broth with Salmon: Great pick. Light broth that tasted more like a tea due to the steeped seaweed in the dish. Rice retains the grilled texture despite being soaked in broth. Salmon surcharge was $3 but piece of fish was the size of a thumb nail, didn't contribute anything to the flavor.

Robata
Chicken Thigh & Chicken Breast Wrapped with Chicken Skin: the chicken robata dishes were my favorites, with a smoky grilled taste and juicy beyond belief
Kobe Beef Filet with Wasabi: the beef was good, but I'm not a fan of wasabi so that kind of ruined this for me
Kobe Beef Tendon: nope. not happening. too adventurous for me.
Pork Ear: Tasty with lots of texture. Server recommends their spicy table sauce, which was basically a punch of straight-up pepper. I'd recommend it without.
Duck with Balsamic Soy Sauce: Ordered two of these knowing I'd love it, and I did. Lacked the gamey taste that turns a lot of people off to duck. Good choice.
Tomato with Bacon & Mushroom with Bacon: I'm not generally a bacon fan, but adding a veggie into the mix somehow does it for me. 

Dessert
Fluffy Cheesecake: I'm not a dessert fan, and found this a bit too cheesy for me, but when you get to the raspberry filling? Oh man, all bets are off. 

Above meal was under $200 with a carafe of Ashahi ($30) and tip, and enough for three to share happily. Service was just okay, polite and professional but detached and didn't make a connection or any recommendations even when we mentioned it was our first visit. Make sure to take at least one trip to the bathroom, it's beautiful.

We made reservations a few days in advance, and staff were awesome about calling us back when they were unable to pick up. Reservations secure your table for 15 minutes (show up on time!), and you get the table for 2 hours. Toward the end of the night (11PM?) people were able to walk-in for bar seats."
"This is the closest smog spot for me- exterior isn't anything fancy, and no one was here when I walked up. Check in the adjacent gas station convenience store and someone will be right out...

There are posted notices about a discount for using cash, but no posted prices? The employee who helped me was friendly, but a bit odd. He rather discretely whispered to me that he was going to charge me $20- which was the regular price printed on the form, so I'm not sure what the deal was there.

Not the best area. A homeless guy was standing around telling me I was pretty and making me extremely uncomfortable before the Smog guy shooed him off. Over and done with in under 5 minutes though, and he gave me some helpful tips about registering my car."
"Cozy little place with KPop posters on the walls and phenomenal drinks- 
Definitely try the avocado boba! It's creamy and just slightly sweet, perfect for those who don't want a sugar rush. Quick and friendly customer service, and I felt totally comfortable sticking around for a while."
"The Salt Room has reopened in Henderson! I am more familiar with the Summerlin location but recently visited this one with a friend forcing me to relax. My idea of relaxation is typically the deep sleep that follows a grueling workout and shower, but the salt cave here is also quite peaceful- call or book online in advance for a session. The owner, Ava, is often here, and is very welcoming and personable. 

There are two caves here, one larger with a salt rock pebble floor and the other smaller. There's a third room for spa services (massages, facials), and they occasionally offer yoga classes in studio as well. I mostly go for downtime in the first cave, seated in a zero gravity chair, dozing off for a majority of the time. It's basically fancy naptime for me, followed by a visit to their swanky bathrooms with their house-made salt scrub, which is also available for purchase in the lobby (great gift item). 

TIP: Discounted ""happy hour"" pricing available, Mon-Thurs, 11am-3pm, $20! Members also get a free session annually for birthday."
"Out of two coffees, one was fine and the other came out tasting burnt and disgusting. Staff was lackadaisical, not sure why I tipped at all if you're going to set my drink on the counter furthest away from where I'm sitting and not even call my name-- I don't expect you to walk out to me necessarily, but if I am literally your only customer and you can't be bothered to do the bare minimum, maybe you shouldn't be open."
"Not bad. A lox bagel sandwich before takeoff was good enough for the price given the limited dining grab and go dining options in this terminal. Will it stack up against the best in town? No, but the bagel and fish were fresh and generously portioned. I would have added capers if they were available, but it was good for what it was."
"This is not my favorite Vegas library. Personnel are limited, and service is pretty nonexistent. If you can't find what you're looking for, try using the computerized card catalogue. If you still can't find it, you're pretty much SOL.

Large kids/teen section is appealing, adult section is large and fairly well organized. The new releases are by the self-checkout section. A lot of people seem to reserve their books online, and several shelves by the entry way are taken up with the pickup section.

As George W's review mentions, I'm a little baffled as to why the library looks so big on the outside but the inside is cramped together. They seem to have more than half of their space dedicated to community services and programs like tax help and tutoring- great services, but makes for a lesser experience for readers."
"My guy was looking pretty scruffy, so I grabbed a Yelp Deal to get him cleaned up at FINO and Luke made him look FINE! Luke is the man, request him by name and enjoy the accent. My guy usually goes with cheap chain places that get him in and out with a cut and shave in like half an hour, but Luke actually listened to the style we were looking for, executed it, and provided amazing service throughout. From start to finish, this was an hour-long experience and worth every minute and dollar. If you're a total newb at grooming, ask for tips for your hair type. My man's beard has totally transformed textures with the product we got here!

EDIT: As of September, Luke is no longer here. Other staff have been solid too, though I don't remember their names."
"Great spot for a picnic, or entertain young kids- if they're still into this sort of thing. I remember going to watch planes land and take off in a similar lot during my own childhood. It's not the most fun you can have without taking your clothes off, but it's somewhat educational. Use your phone to answer your kids' questions about lift and drag and crash rates, and tune your radio to hear the control tower messages."
"Venezuela style street dogs are the specialty here, with additional traditional items and burgers making the menu as well. Their regular dog, with cabbage, onions, carrots, various sauces, cheese, and crunched-up potato chips, is a steal at $4- and that price includes a canned soda.

Service is friendly, they accept credit cards using Square, and they're a stationary food truck, so you don't need to look up their social media site to find out where they'll be for the day!

Heads up that they're closed between 3 and 5, and not open on Mondays."
"Family owned with colorful and thoughtful décor- and that's just when you first walk in the door! Service, even for a simple takeout order, was friendly, made menu suggestions, and even tossed in some extra sopapillas. Menu has all of your southwestern favorites, with both red and green chile.

The green chili stew was thick and well-spiced, packed with potatoes but only a few bits of pork. Good flavor in this dish, and a good price, which included accompanying tortillas. I also added on a chile relleno (with both red and green sauce) from their a la carte section, but found it soggy and overbattered. The sauces were on point, though. Bring your hankie, because your eyes will be tearing up at the heat.

However, I'm not a fan of the gimmicky drug/420 references all over the menu- referring to a breakfast burrito as a blunt, for example? I find it tacky and in poor taste, unless your target audience is high school teenagers. Bonus points for offering a Yelp check-in offer for free dessert with purchase."
"I'm a bigger fan of the location at Palace Station- this one has similar dishes, but they're not as well executed. Came here with a large group for a birthday reservation, and service was very polite but spotty- timing of dishes was off and a couple of orders were mixed up.

I opted for the seared ahi app and the heirloom tomato and mozzarella salad. The ahi was a generous portion for $10, perfectly seared, and I enjoyed the tamari soy sauce but did not care at all for the wasabi cream. The salad was a disappointing mess of underripe tomatoes and flavorless ""mozzarella""- it didn't even seem to be that cheese, the texture was crumbly and it was dry and flavorless rather than soft and mild. 

This location does not have a private room, but they were able to place us toward the back for some privacy. We were informed from the start that they were unable to do separate checks, which was a bit frustrating and led to several of our party using the $4/fee ATM outside. However, we were given a $40 discount card after being seated, which offset that inconvenience."
"Somehow I visited the new location across town (on Eastern) before realizing they have a second location AND it's closer to me! The same wonderful staff and garlic sauce are now just 6.2 miles away from me at any given moment. 

Unfortunately, I would say that I do prefer the newer location though both have awkward parking lots. The staff remembered me from previous visits, which was awesome. I always get the same thing: chicken shwarma wrap, extra garlic sauce.

I found it odd that this location, like the other, is set up like Subway where you can watch them make your food- yet my dish was made and wrapped up in the kitchen, brought out to me bagged and ready to go. Props for speed but would have loved to customize my wrap and add cucumber.

Don't forget to grab salads, sauces, dips, and sides from the refrigerated case before you go! Everything is super fresh and delicious."
"BF works nearby, found through the Yelp app to order delivery- arrived in a timely manner, ordered the fish cakes and tom kha soup, $22 with delivery fee.

Fishcakes were fine, might even say good.
Tom kha was watery instead of creamy. Soup tasted like spicy water.

Afterward, got sick. I'll assume it was the ""soup"". 
Not going to bother giving this place another try, too many other Thai places in Vegas."
"Brace your lungs for stale and smoky air before visiting this local's casino. Sportsbook here is a bit on the old school side, but they do have one giant screen and several large couch-chairs to sit on while viewing. Crowd wasn't too rowdy, but the senior citizens here are serious about their college ball bets, so consider yourself warned.

Among the dining options here are a pizza place and a 24 hour Subway with questionable service- but then again, I'd be spaced out too if I were a teenage guy responsible for making sandwiches within eyesight of a televised basketball game on a screen that takes up an entire wall.

BF makes frequent appearances here for sports betting, and I occasionally opt to come along. There are table games here, but the majority of the floor is slots. Parking is usually pretty easy to find and there typically isn't too much traffic in this area, which is a plus."
"Came here armed with a BOGO coupon for a weekday dinner. Selection and quality were just okay, nothing stood out. Effort seemed to be made for presentation but not so much for flavor. I am not a fan of how loud this location is, right on the casino floor with a half-wall surround- it's like sitting next to a slot machine.

PROS: Lots of seafood dishes even on a weeknight, made-to-order pasta and stir fry stations, attentive service, house beer and wine included in dinner price. Even at 8:30, half an hour before close, staff were bringing out fresh food and replenishing dishes. Dessert section was better than expected.

CONS: Whoever rolled the sushi doesn't know what they're doing- even AYCE spots that are intentionally trying to pack in the rice aren't this obvious about it. Some dishes were just improperly made, like the jambalaya and paella dishes that each had unpeeled shrimp, with legs falling off and getting all over the pan. Many dishes were barely lukewarm. 

As I left, I was waffling between two and three stars and intending to round up- it's not a place I'd return without a discount, and I prefer Red Rock for similar price and off-Strip location. Rounded back down when my boyfriend got sick the second we pulled into our home drive way."
"A few friends raved about CFT for what they do different- fresh brewed to order tea drinks, that focus on quality sourcing and balanced flavors. No boba here, but several hot and cold teas with mousse and fresh fruit, served in a calming cafe with traditional music and an indoor waterfall feature. It feels like a spot you'd find in Chinatown, but without the parking hassle.

I've been by three times and it took that long to find a drink that worked with my preferences. Their seasonal grapefruit tea drink was garnished with fresh fruit slices but tasted way too bitter to me, despite my liking a similar drink elsewhere. It tasted like straight grapefruit juice, unfortunately. A second strawberry fruit tea with cheese foam was just okay, perhaps more foam than I would prefer. Third visit nailed it though, with their carbon roasted oolong cream tea- subtle nutty flavor balanced with refreshing iced tea, perfect for our hot days. This may not be the first place I recommend but I keep stopping by when I'm in the area."
"Despite how busy they are, the wait goes quick and orders come out fast- sit at the bar for the quickest experience. Pricing is on par with most other AYCE sushi spots in vegas, and the fish was mostly fresh. 

Definitely start with the seafood salad! Nigiri was okay- scallop tasted like it had gone bad, garlic tuna did not taste like garlic at all. The rolls had too many sauces, and too much of them for my liking, but I do like that you can order by the half-roll. The Son of the Beach, Oh My Harry, and Ellen rolls (ordered based on multiple mentions in reviews) didn't blow my mind like some people claimed they would. The Palm Job hand roll was decent, wish they had a few more special hand rolls. Avoid the plum ice cream for dessert- tasted super artificial, more like bubblegum than any fruit flavor.

Service was initially pretty quick sitting at the bar, then the sushi chef started forgetting items. I don't know if the rolls are generally oversauced or if it was just the guy making them for us. Not a place I'd go out of my way to return to, but not bad for the area."
"Chicken Shack has hit the west side, just in time to be my go-to takeout order for football season! With their ridiculously awesome selection of over 25 sauces, there's a flavor for everyone, whether you're looking to dip your wings, chicken, or fries. The friendly young staff and vaguely southern decor with corrugated metal and license plates almost trick me into thinking I'm back at Plucker's wing bar in San Marcos, Texas. Short of a plane ride, this is as close as I can get, and that's a huge compliment.

All the chicken orders are made fresh with never-frozen chicken, and their batter is in that Goldilocks area of being neither too thick or too thin. Menu also has salads and a handful of sandwiches and sides, but you come here for the chicken. The huge, meaty tenders are my preferred piece but if it's Wednesday, you'll catch me cleaning their wings down to the bone. Combo portions are as big as the wide-open hill country sky, with SIX wings, FIVE tenders, or the half-and-half option, any which can easily make two small lunches. 

My favorite sauces are spicy honey garlic (gotta love those little bits of garlic!), Jamaican Jerk (slow, building heat), the creamy garlic parm (cheesy and cooling), and the spicy bleu cheese (for the best of both worlds)- I always get sauces on the side so I can dip, otherwise they'll toss your order, so be sure to specify!"
"The customer service for their timeshare sales department is absolutely rock-bottom awful, worst I've experienced- had an experience similar to Roger's. The location might be great, but the constant wheeling and dealing and checking the fine print make me hesitant to do any sort of official business with them.

Even just dealing with them by phone prior to my visit, my call was tossed around to three different people promising me the moon and contradicting what one another said. They want every possible form of contact information for you and insist that you bring a valid credit card before you even set food in their seminars.

By the time they're done interrogating you and changing the subject when you call them out on the contradictions in their sales pitch, you won't trust these people at all- at least I didn't. Empty promises, overly aggressive sales tactics, and shady management policies abounds here. 

Heads up that even when you leave dissatisfied and frustrated, and make that blatantly clear to them, they'll still have several employees call you throughout the next week or so- either they don't remove your info from their system or they just don't bother to listen to you- not a characteristic of a company I want to give my financial info to or get into a long-term contract with.

**Originally posted under the Jockey Club, thanks to Sheila G. for letting me know this is the actual business responsible for our awful experience there."
"As a die-hard Harry Potter fan, I've been charmed by this local chain of themed coffee shops since they opened their first location out in Henderson a couple of years ago. This new location isn't really any closer to me but I got to pop in recently for lunch and was impressed.

The HP theme is a bit more integrated into the restaurant decor and feels less forced. The high ceilings and gorgeous lighting fixtures made me an instant fan, and the space is quiet with lots of seating options- seems like a good place to get some work done. I like that patio seating was available during the fall day I visited.

The menu is where they really shine though. I don't recall a food menu at the other location, so it's new to me but the Charmingly Pesto panini I got was huge and full of flavor- their kitchen area is tiny, and I was impressed by the quality of what I got with that in mind. Food and drink names are wizardy references for an extra touch of fun, and my almond Love Mint latte was just how I like it. If there were a location convenient to my home or work, I'd probably be a regular!"
"What a fun antique shop to explore! Stock is carefully curated and styled for display, shop is several themed rooms. Front room starts with soda-brand collectibles, middle room with register has several jewelry stations (underwhelming selection, mostly costume and 60s-70s plastic stuff), décor, and some furniture. One side room has farm-themed décor and old equipment, while another has records and music memorabilia. Two rooms furthest back are my favorites, they're darker and have small furniture items like end tables, along with vintage luggage pieces and license plates. 

I fell in love with an old metal library card catalogue piece, but it was tipped on its side and did not have a price. Staff were friendly but busy and given the price of other items, I assumed it was out of my range. By and large, most items are appropriately tagged with a date and description, and occasionally the city they were found in. The ""found"" items I've noticed are more prone to inflated prices.

The stock is generally in great condition, but pricing is inconsistent. I realize this is an antique store and not a thrift store, but I found some of the posted prices to be a bit ridiculous ($300 for a small basic metal endtable, $40 for a small deer antler ""found"" in Portland, $100+ for a bell jar?) but others were reasonable to borderline bargains ($70 vintage dressing chair, $40 luggage set).  Some of the best pieces out have SOLD tags on them, which is disappointing. Worth checking out if you're in the area."
"After two and a half years living in the desert, I am no longer deceived by ironic names that suggest water where it doesn't exist...so I was shocked to see actual wetlands at Wetlands Park! Open from dusk til dawn, this park was both bigger and more developed than i expected- most paths are paved so you won't really be doing any hiking here, it's more like an overgrown neighborhood park.

Use the first small lot to the left to access the child-friendly area with a mini rock wall, or drive forward to the larger lot and the nature center, complete with an on-site cafe. Maps are available at each entrance, noting the available routes and distances. Definitely a family-friendly spot, appropriate for all ages. 

What is most exciting about this particular park is the profusion of wildlife! Walk quietly and look carefully, and you'll see dozens of bunnies, tadpoles in the tidepools, and even the rare dragonfly (keep your mouth closed!) during your visit. Note that dogs are only allowed in designated areas. Happy trails!"
"Four stars for chain pizza, say what?!  *record skip*
Round Table is from the Bay area and its fairly hard to find here. Boy did I feel like a doofus to realize there was one just five miles away from me. To be fair, it's kind of hidden in the back corner of a plaza...

I don't eat pizza too often, but when I do I want good crust and tons of toppings- Round Table is great for both of these things, which justifies their higher-than-average pricing (around $15 for a medium). Their sauce is nicely zesty without being too acidic, and their cheese is loaded on and real- not that tastless crap other places use. At 8 slices, a medium can easily feed two with leftovers, and I highly recommend the KING ARTHUR, with bell peppers, linguica, salami, Italian sausage, and more. It's like a classier version of your standard supreme pizza. 

Just a heads up, the pizza here is made fresh. If you come in and order, youll be waiting about 15 minutes for your pie- which is plenty of time to soak up their great music, featuring hits from the 90s, back when Round Table was originally popular! 

TIP: Join their e-club using the tablet at the register, confirm your phone number by text, and you'll get a code to use (immediately) for a free order of garlic cheese twists."
"Much like the name, this spot is half comics and half gaming materials- specifically tabletop games, with a focus on Warhammer (whatever that is). They had several figurines, painting kits for said figurines, and multi-sided die sets, but I just came for the comics.

I was mostly browsing but wanted to find a particular comic series I had seen at another shop- with minimal details, the staff were able to figure out what I was referring to (Grimm Fairy Tales, Tales of Oz series), locate it in store, and even suggest several similar artists and comic series (Robyn Hood and Tales of Wonderland, if you care). Staff are knowledgeable and friendly, and very passionate about comics- infectiously so. Even though they did not have what I was looking for, they offered to call their sister store to check stock or even to look into placing an order for me. I'll be back for the incredible customer service.

NOTE: they have several table-gaming stations set up and signage at the door indicates that they regularly have on-site gaming events."
"I'm with Vanessa- heard so many great things about this place that I expected them to blow my mind, but found that it was just okay. Maybe better than okay, as they have some very unique flavors, but for what I got I just wasn't wowed.

Coffee menu is small, service is very personable but a bit on the slow side. Opted for the ako cream puff (chef special) and green tea éclair (chef favorite). Both were very light, which I appreciated as I am not much of a sweet tooth.
But the dough for both seemed to be the same, overall just seemed very similar despite my effort to try two different items- should have gone for the yuzu pana cotta as I initially wanted, but thought that would be piggish of me.

Super sweet cashier, beautiful desserts and cakes. Will have to return for the yuzu pana cotta and an iced green tea on a hot day. Or a savory crepe for lunch, they sound delish!

Side note for first time visitors: it's in the same plaza as Fish N Bowl, signage just says ""Pastries and Crepes"", NOT Suzuya."
"It's like this location is cursed. This is the third business to be here in recent memory, and the new Southern-influenced menu doesn't really fit the decor or the location. Made LV is in the same plaza with many similar dishes and better execution.

Appetizers are a smorgasbord of fried snacks. Fried pickles had a thin batter, but were very greasy with very little dipping sauce. Deviled eggs are just three pieces to an order, which is odd (pun!) and difficult to share... and they were very basic. The lemon meringue ice box pie was awesome though, and is the only reason I planned a return visit.

But they were closed. Apparently now their hours are dinner service only, 4-8PM. Which is ridiculous, as I was there the night before and discussed the lunch menu salads with the bartender who helped me. She suggested a specific salad and made no mention of the fact that they're no longer even open for lunch... So when I went by during lunch and discovered the closed storefront, I ended up taking my business to Leone instead.  

Service was fairly friendly, otherwise.. But nothing about this place really seems to fit. 
As an added irritation, prices are being revised, with two or three different versions of the menu and costs circulating around the restaurant at once, making the final bill a surprise."
"I don't know what Pan Ocha means in Thai, but in Spanish it's a slang term that makes me surprised that this spot has been successful in it's current location. It's also like 90% of the reason I had to check it out.

Homestyle Thai, available as a lunch buffet Mon-Sat from 11AM-3PM, $10/adult, is a bomb deal. The selection isn't huge, but everything is so well done. If you aren't into spicy food, you can rest easy because everything is made pretty mild with additional sauces available on the side. All the dishes are fresh and continually refilled. The larb and beef salad were favorites, and my guy really liked their chicken wings. I do wish the chicken curry were a bit thicker, but the flavors were so well developed that it was only a minor issue. 

This family owned and operated spot is run primarily by an older couple providing the service- they're constantly coming by to check on you, clear tables, and refill drinks. Note that drinks are not included with the buffet. There's also signage that states that leftovers will be charged $3, but no details on how that is assigned. Everything was so tasty that NOT clearing our plates wasn't even an option."
"Got the pork katsu curry, spice level 3, for takeout. Friendly service, though I was in there for a limited time. Appreciated how the curry sauce was packed separately from the rice and protein. Ample portions of all- had leftover rice and a large remaining puddle of sauce. Good value- per person total is around $11 without add-ons.

Side note about the spice: should have been a warning to see that spice levels 1-5 is ""free"". I thought a 3 would be safe, but the spice nearly made me sick towards the end. Good warm burn, but perhaps scale back to a two if you don't love spicy food. Solid place to get Japanese curry, love the straightforward menu."
"This bar moved and reopened- now sits attached to the LINQ casino, facing the LINQ promenade. Given the placement, there is a ton of foot traffic going in and out as a shortcut to the casino floor. As many times as I've stopped by, never once has this spot appealed to me. 

It's decorated in green and dark wood, giving the place a pub-like feel. The floor is full of middle aged adults playing beer pong and generally acting like they're reenacting Animal House. It's not a classy joint. Note that they do not have food, just liquid libations."
"It's a typical Quest. Make your appointment online in advance if you don't want to be kept waiting. Check in with a tablet, turn in your ID and insurance, then the actual blood work or testing is usually fairly fast. Bonus points for having a waitlist screen in the lobby to visually keep track of your wait time."
"Shortly after moving to Vegas, I had a great dining experience when this space was Taiga- I was distraught when they closed. Luckily, Table Thai is the same great service, tasty food, and elegant decor. Either they're still affiliated with the same owners, or this location is just lucky. 

The DUCK ROLLS are a simple but tasty app, much preferred over the GREEN PAPAYA SALAD- menu said this came with shrimp, but the $9 price tag yielded only two, and I found the dish rather lackluster. Opted for the SPICY BASIL FRIED RICE with chicken, per other rave reviews and liked it- a 3 will get you good heat, and this contains an ample portion of protein. But the MANGO STICKY RICE was a winner for both flavor and presentation, featuring toasted sesame seeds that added a whole 'nother dimension to this classic dessert.

Service was ridiculously attentive, in the best possible way. Menu has well-priced lunch specials for those who work in the area, but the dinner specials make them stand out from other Thai options in the area. Props for offering lots of vegetarian and vegan dishes!"
"A lake? In the middle of a residential area of Las Vegas? Yup! 

In addition to being a picturesque oasis, it's full of ducks, geese, and even some black swans that are quite friendly. If hangin' with wildlife isn't your thing, go for a run along the trail encircling the lake. They allow boating and fishing here as well, but I don't even pretend to know the rules.

Great lake area with nearby housing (few apartments/condos) and a village of little shops and restaurants just around the corner- Isabela's, Marche Bacchus, and Republic, just to name a few. 

The area always manages to look green and well-maintained, and I've frequently seen photographers staging outdoor photoshoots on the banks. Convenient parallel parking allows you to get out right where you want to and start your run, walk, jog, or conga line.

NOTE: This is a private home owner association property, not a public park. If you visit, be respectful and clean up after yourself. Don't be that guy."
"Gourmet popsicles are a good idea in the Vegas heat, and the sweet service to match can't be beat! In addition to popsicles, the menu includes slushes, frozen smoothies, boba beverages, ice creams and ices, and halo-halo, along other goodies.

I love that the treats aren't too sugary, and the frozen fruit pops are my favorite: the staff favorite is a blackberry lemon that I have had more than once. Alcoholic pops are available on Fridays and Saturdays, kind of bummed that I haven't been able to try a dessert pop as they look great but don't seem to be in stock when I visit.

Slightly hidden behind the ground-floor elevator, this place is about the size of a closet and I can see it getting busy and creating a monstrous-looking line in no time in the evenings, but it's definitely worth a stop. $5 card minimum, so take cash if you're riding solo."
"What a great addition to the downtown area! Smooth Eats stepped into a former juice bar but added friendly service and a limited but well-executed menu. It's definitely an upgrade in my book.

The smoothies are all $5 and you can add on extra ingredients like flax seed, protein, etc. but I stick to the basics. The Beetbox and ProGreens are solid smoothies... actually, they're liquid, like they're supposed to be, but the flavors aren't overwhelmingly earthy, bitter, or sweet, which seems to happen when I take a chance on chain smoothies. 

They have paninis, toasts, and acai bowls for those wanting something more substantial. So far, I've only tried the SD Toast (sundried tomato pesto, avocado, cilantro, sea salt) but I was impressed. I plan to try their strawberry version on my next visit!

TIP: If you're driving, this grab and go business is in a paid parking area. Short of them getting a dedicated parking space out front, your best bet is to pull into the lot around back and be quick."
"Much like the Bagel Café on the west side of town, Harrie's serves bagels and deli classics in an old-school diner-style setting. Portions are generous and good-quality product results in surprisingly high prices: my bagel sandwich with lox set me back an absurd $15. I will say that it was loaded with a lot of lox, but maybe normal portions and prices would be more appealing... Other than that, the bagel itself was underwhelming, toasted to a hardness that was difficult to bite into, and just wasn't particularly flavorful aside from the toppings.

Bagels are available in individually or in bulk, toasted or not, with or without schmear and other toppings. Shop only offers choices of regular or scallion cream cheese. Potato pancakes, knishes, blintezes, and other Jewish deli staples available as well as meats by the pound. I still prefer BC, but this isn't a bad option if you're on this side of town."
"Have a special occasion coming up? Want something a little bit different than the usual dinner out? Consider Marrakech. I'd heard great things about this little Moroccan restaurant and finally got a chance to visit myself for a friend's birthday- a group of 30 of us converged upon the small space and had a great night of socializing with wine, traditional family-style food, and belly dancers for entertainment. Note that reservations are recommended regardless of group size, and the meal is a preset 6-course menu at ~$50pp, gratuity included for groups.

The cozy atmosphere has you enter through curtains and sit at low tables, and meals are served largely without silverware. Food was pretty decent, and overwhelming in quantity at 6 courses- shrimp scampi (first), soup (second), veggie dip platters (third), and beef kabobs (fourth) were all well done, while later courses (chicken and couscous- fifth) and dessert (b'stilla cake and mint tea) weren't as great. The shrimp was my favorite, with a great sauce and bread for dipping. Kabobs were better than expected, with a fun pineapple presentation and great flavor throughout, indicative of both a solid marinade and ample seasoning. The chicken dish was what I'd expect from a mass catered meal, overcooked with a slimy skin, but by then I was too full to eat it anyway. The dessert was similar to a baklava, in cake form, but I did not care for the overwhelming banana flavor that was added. The tea was amazing though!

Overall it was a great evening for our group, and other couples were there for a fun date night or a family event. The preset menu is a bit tricky if you have dietary restrictions, but they were willing to accommodate a pescatarian with vegetarian dishes. I do wish they offered a cafe type setting where I could just grab tea (it is so good!) and a dessert with a friend, but I'll just have to keep suggesting this for friends with birthdays so I can come back soon."
"Despite the name (""marathon""), this race series offers full and half marathon distances, as well as 10K and 5K options- it was the latter that I participated in. The 5K was held the day prior to the other distances, and participants included a mix of short-distance runners, a surprising number of walkers, and full/half participants who used it as prep for the following day's event.

True to the name, the RnR event had plenty of live music, race props, and lights along the route- though the 5K did not go on the Strip or have Strip views. The RnR organization has races all over the country (and the world!) and as expected, were well-organized throughout: from packet pickup at the three-day expo at the LVCC, to coordinating day-of parking, providing on-site bathrooms, clear signage for corrals, and timely (ha!) timing results posted to the website. (Note: posted results go back several years, handy for comparing annual progress!)

Following the race, participants were directed through an area of free snack/drink handouts heading to a stage featuring Matt & Kim performing a concert- unfortunately I was unable to stick around for that. Prior to race day, participants were emailed several free music downloads from participating musicians. Other participant perks include discounts on hotels, restaurants, spa services, and shops by showing your wristband throughout the weekend. Local support for the race up and down the Strip was tremendous.

Additional details I appreciated were the ability to customize your race bib and the cool finishes medals and tech shirts- different for each distance. Next year I plan to participate again, either in Vegas or somewhere else... hopefully running the 10K or half option!"
"Holy moly. I didn't know what to expect when I came here. It's like a big box super store and a Home Goods had a baby.  This place is massive, so come with a list to guide you or over an hour until you have to be anywhere. And snap a photo of the map at the entrance because you WILL get lost. Or at least I did.

They have everything. Like actually everything. Seasonal decor front and center, every kind of decor and statement piece you can imagine, a wall art section roughly the size of an entire apartment complex. It's ridiculous and that's just half of the store. If you have impulse shopping issues, maybe steer clear.  I was either too overwhelmed to make my selections or have more self control than I imagined, because my first visit didn't wipe out my bank account. Needless to say I'll be back whenever I have time to kill in Henderson, so I can check out the outdoor furniture storage & organization, and kitchen departments!"
"In a word, this place is overrated. I get the dark ambiance of the Hard Rock and every business within it, but I should at least be able to see my menu without having to whip out my phone for a light source. That being said, nothing on the menu stands out.

They're really pushing the pretzel fondue, but the table next to us got it and it didn't look appealing. Prosciutto deviled eggs sounded awesome but were in reality a let down- I guess for $4/order, that shouldn't surprise me, but the ""prosciutto"" was more like bacon bits than any other meat I've had. 

Italian antipasto salad makes a decent and filling lunch, with ample protein and a tasty dressing. But the ""yesterday's soup"", chicken tortilla, is basic- I mean, at least add some sort of garnish for $7/bowl. Chicken was a bit spicier than expected but overall the dish fell flat.

The only thing saving this review was friendly service. But I can't eat service... Menu has no direction and the food received did not interest me enough to warrant ordering an entrée or returning.

NOTE: HH is from 3-6PM,Mon-Fri. But good luck getting a HH menu, no one seems to want to give them out. Maybe just cancel it if you don't want to honor it?"
"The first thing you'll notice when you walk in are the two glass cases full of beautifully decorated old-school donuts. To be fair, that's probably all you'll pay attention to at any donut shop, but the variety here is pretty extensive.

Regular and ""inverted"" cinnamon rolls (they kind of resemble brains), classic and cake donuts a plenty, sprinkle- and frosting-topped versions for purists, and ""fancies"" like maple bars (no bacon here!), buttermilk bars (a surprise hit!), giant bear claws, and eclairs. Anything with fruit is generally really well done here, too.

I'm not even really much of a donut fan, but this place gets an extra star for not pulling that cash-only BS that other places do. Also, they're open til 6PM!"
"Even if you're looking for this location, you're likely to drive past it several times before you really see it. There's only one sign, and the building seems to just blend in to the surroundings. It's a nondescript gray and looks like it may be vacant when there aren't any cars in front of it.

Don't pull in to the first spaces you see, because the actual entrance is around the side of the building. Exterior ATM is conveniently located. Drive Thru has several lanes and 2 or 3 ATMs as well.

Staff inside are a little slow. Clientele here are a little ridiculous.
Witnessed today two customers who didn't speak English walking up to tellers who didn't speak Spanish. Frustration ensued as the manager eventually came out to help them, and DID speak Spanish. Apparently the Spanish-speaking customers felt that they should have been immediately assisted by the translator, nevermind the fact that this is America and that employee isn't a teller.
Normally I wouldn't pay too much attention, but these two customers literally started a screaming match about it and ultimately held up the line to the point that my simple withdrawal took over 10 minutes."
"What is it with downtown restaurants and shitty service? Came for takeout, two staff behind the counter took 5 minutes to acknowledge me. Male looked at me waiting and decided to start sweeping instead. Inquired if I could place an order and was asked if it could wait til he was done. Apparently sweeping takes priority over paying customers.

Turkey and brie sandwich was served with a tiny side salad with balsamic, more of a garnish than a side, for $10. Good quality bread, ample amount of turkey, great accents of apricot jam and a house-made aioli...But no brie. WTF?!"
"Heads up: This place has adopted summer hours and is currently only open Fridays and Saturdays, contrary to Yelp listing. Thankfully I came on a Friday, because they're out of the way for me.

Purchased and used a Yelp deal, $5 for $10- scooped up two different savory scones, a giant chocolate chip cookie, and one of each of their macarons in stock for the day. Butterscotch was the favorite, per the friendly lady who helped me, and I got two of those.

Downside to Vegas heat: by the time I got home, my macaron fillings were melted! Super bummed, but the scones were my favorite, with the three cheese just barely beating the sundried tomato for the favorite. I'd come back for those... but I'd call first to make sure they're open!"
"Rolling Stone magazine may call this place ""one of the most incredible places on earth"", but the fascination goes down when you actually have to pay for the experience. In theory, it's an amazing mix of bowling alley, music venue, bar, and restaurant, with separate areas for each and even a patio overlooking the hoppin' Linq area.

Amelinda's review thoroughly details the pricing difficulty with their musical acts- the only way to get the advertised price and avoid miscellaneous fees is to order in person at the box office with cash. But no local wants to go to the Strip just to make a purchase unless they work nearby. 

I'm not a huge bowling fan, but it's a great place to do so- but a group of 6 took about 45 minutes for a single game, and at like $30/half hour not including shoe rentals, that's pretty steep. Best advice would be to include the sock/shoe fees in the lane rental for what they're asking, or bring it down about $10. I'd understand increased pricing during concerts due to demand, but going on a weekday evening the place was dead.

And now for their food. You're on the Strip, so it's ridiculously priced. Variety is good, with some unique  appetizers including knishes and a smoked fish plate! But their ""famous"" fried chicken was too salty for me to enjoy and simply did not stand out or wow me in any way- maybe you have to be drunk or from some place other than the south.

Maybe I'm a cheapskate but it's not worth dropping $100 for a couple to enjoy for date night. Props for being a one-stop shop for it all, but music would be the only thing to bring me back here specifically."
"Enjoyed my visit to this spa- the local rate for a day pass is only $30. Access includes fitness center, four soaking tubs of various temperatures (women's section), sauna, shower/locker room, and an extremely well-stocked vanity area, complete with slippers and a plush white robe. I don't go to this type of business often but I think it's awesome and can spend a relaxing day here as part of a staycation. Maryann is super sweet and attentive!

TIP: Locals get 20% off weekday services."
"Got a coupon in the mail for $15 smog check, no signage up about their usual pricing. Added on the $10 for them to process my registration. The guy who helped me was a little odd- he was hanging out in his truck when I pulled up, seemed a little out of it during our interactions. Doesn't seem to be super professional but it was quick, easy, and cheap."
"Don't let the food court setting fool you, this place has got it goin' on.
A flat $6 for any roll on their menu- and this includes Vegas rolls, Hawaiian rolls, and about twelve other varieties. It's not a crazy-extensive menu, but it's definitely more than Cali, Philly, and shrimp tempura.

Fish is fresh, rolls aren't skimpy, presentation is on par with a stand-alone restaurant even when you order to-go, and the staff is super friendly to boot. They don't mind making tweaks or substitutions, either- I often add lemon, green onion, or garlic ponzu.

Just found my new place for getting takeout: 3 rolls under $20 AND I get to take my pants off and watch Netflix? Done."
"Heads up: the Venetian has Bouchon BAKERY (a small pastry and coffee counter) as well as Bouchon BISTRO (separate listing for dine-in brunch, lunch, and dinner). Apparently there was some mix up about that because reviews for both businesses frequently show up on one another's pages, and now Yelp HQ has handled this by closing the old bakery page and opening a new one. 
 ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 

I'm somewhat surprised this business still has the Bouchon name on it- the quality is nowhere near what you receive at the bistro, despite a few shared items, nor is the quality. The TKO (Keller's version of the Oreo) is a fantastic sugarbomb, and the macarons are larger than most other places have them, but stick to the seasonal flavors and go earlier in the day. Cookie sandwiches here MUST be split between at least two people, they're large and delicious but probably pack over a day's worth of calories. As for their delicious epi bread? It's better when accompanied by a delicious dinner at the full restaurant. The chocolate bouchons are also better had there.

The service here is notoriously awful. I don't know if they're going for a detached snobby French aesthetic, but every cashier I've ever had the displeasure of working with here has had an attitude and a scowl. It's a simple job and it's in the service industry, how hard is it to make your face NOT look like you are on Death Row? The fact that the receipts here automatically print out a tip line is hysterical, I've received better service from an ATM."
"Dear Fukuburger truck-

You have great taste and a cult following, but our relationship needs to cool off a bit. It's not you, it's me. Ever since you shot to stardom, you have trouble remembering my name or order and I keep noticing you looking at jailbait teens in short-shorts instead of me when we're out on the town.

Your namesake Fukuburger is delicious, but I'll find someone like you eventually. What I'll really miss is your Nagadog- no one's spicy sausage and fancy toppings compare to yours. It'll be a lot of long hard nights longing for you before I can move on.

But it needs to be done. I'll see you around, and I wish you the best, but you gotta stop calling my name when you have a bad day. I value myself too much to be your cheap, quick, and easy back up plan.

See you around,
Stefany V.  AKA Blonde Ambition"
"Upstairs at the SLS there is a gallery on your way to the buffet- or the space that served as such before it was ""temporarily"" closed. A series of 30 or so photos, mostly by Terry O'Neill with a few by Douglas Kirkland and a few others, are all of former stars- hence the gallery name. Photos of Sophia Loren, Mick Jagger, the Beatles, and other musicians and actors grace the walls in black and white, free to peruse if you just know where they are."
"When I found out they had breakfast tacos, I was elated! Finally, a taste of home. But over several visits and a sampling of many menu items, their service is above and beyond.. but their food just isn't very good. It's unfortunate because the dishes sound great but the actual product is lackluster.

- As many other reviews mention, tortillas are cold and seem store bought. They also have very little protein. If tacos are your specialty, why are they your worst item?!
+ Tortillas and portions aside, the brisket tacos are fairly good and I don't find them easily in town. That is probably my protein of choice here.
+ Oh, and opt for the California Heat style if you're doing shrimp, otherwise it's pretty plain.
+ Their Baja tortilla soup is thick and chunky like a stew, and actually really good. Recommend this, would order again.
+ They have breakfast tacos!! And they're served at all hours!!
- But they were really disappointing. Aside from the cold tortilla, they scramble the toppings into the egg, which isn't what I'm used to. The egg looks and tastes like it was cooked on a filthy flattop. Why do something if you don't do it well?!
+ While not difficult to execute, their salads are pretty good and the avocado dressing is hands down the best I've tried.
- But splurge for shrimp, because the shredded chicken is super dry
- No salsa bar?! Their branded bottles on the table are more for flavor and not heat, and made me think of an upgraded version of the stuff in Taco bell packets.

Like I said, minor issues that a little attention to detail could fix. The service is super friendly, attentive, and genuine. They just need to get the kitchen staff on board with the same priorities, so I can come back for queso and chilaquiles.. they definitely have potential."
"It's fast food, so it's definitely not good for you- but the fries here are like crack. Eating them is a cheap habit you hide from your friends and family but you just. can't. stop.

Thankfully, I live nowhere near this location (or any others)- service here is surprisingly friendly but Jesus Christ, they need to lower the volume on the drive-up window. I'm pretty sure you can hear everything being said an entire block away.

Chicken sliders are tasty- prefer the buffalo to the homestyle version. Their wings have several sauces and rival those at more popular wing chains, plus better fries. If the regular fries aren't enough of a health crime for you, they're also available topped with cheese, chili, bacon, and ranch, or any combination thereof. So far, I've successfully resisted.

TLDR: fries. fries. fries."
"Any variation of the California burrito or nachos is a solid meal, and a large one. Service is friendly, and dining room is huge with several screens broadcasting futbol at any given time. 

Breakfast burritos are limited to bacon or ham, which originally pushed me to try their California burrito on my first visit: it's traditional to get it with asada (and the texture contrast is signature to this dish), but the lengua here is good and flavorful, and I sometimes get that instead.

The nachos will run you $8+/order, but is large enough for two full-grown men to share while watching a game. They'll insist on separate orders but each will have a sad, unfinished heap they can't manage to finish at the end.

Low prices, good quality. Don't forget to get salsa with your takeout orders- it's not automatically put in the bag for you!"
"First of all, this place is super hard to find in the Venetian Grand Canal Shoppes area. Locate Tao, then use the exterior door to get the covered balcony, hang a right and it's past Rock House. I'm usually good at navigating casinos but this place was hidden! Worth seeking out though.

Came in for Restaurant Week lunch menu with Lauren C- $20, 3 courses, $4 donation to Three Square food bank, so a win all around. As expected, they are spectacularly good at carbs here, from the house focaccia you are served upon seating to the polenta croutons in the Caesar. We shared the spaghetti and meatball and chicken parm entrees, both with more than ample pasta for a lunch portion with a great robust sauce and well-seasoned protein. I'm not much of a dessert person, but the NJ style cheesecake was well made and nicely accented by strawberry compote and chocolate almonds. 

Service was attentive and I really love the ambiance of the dining room. While this spot is hard to find, I'd come back to try more. As a local, RW is great for giving a discounted opportunity to try a place I otherwise wouldn't seek out (who voluntarily goes to the Strip these days?!), while giving back at the same time!"
"Oh, SkinnyFats- half a menu  of healthy options, half a menu of indulgent ""happy"" choices. Every time I come in, I stare at the menu and stand paralyzed with indecision. It helps to come with a friend to share a few items but I still somehow leave with leftovers for lunch the next day every time I'm here.

Favorite ""healthy"" dishes include the ahi tacos, avoca-toast, and tu-nuts (ahi tuna cucumber boats)- seafood is the way to go for this category. As for the ""happy"" dishes, the tempura tacos and balls 2.0 (arancini) are good choices too. I have yet to try a salad but they all look good. Next time, I plan to get the Sweet Cheezus (cheese steak). 

This location has the same funky murals and friendly service as others, but I especially like dining in their patio. Note that in addition to the regular menu items, there are also ""secret"" menu items (look at IG), Cold Press Express juices (their affiliated business), and a different specialty featured Benedict every weekend. You will be indecisive too!"
"I'll be the first to admit that I'm not a huge donut fan, but I've popped by Carl's a few times to try them. Oddly, their non-donut options seem to be their best products. The pistachio morning roll and strawberry tart were both extremely well made and well prortioned (though price/value is debatable at ~$5/ea), and had coworkers requesting more. I somehow seem to keep missing the Brookie.

But their donuts are solidly of the classic variety and hit or miss. The classic pink-sprinkle donut had a strange fruity flavor to it that was both unexpected and off putting. The ""fan favorite"" fritters were dense with minimal fruit and an overwhelming artificial flavor. In a boxed dozen, nothing really stood out.

Location is clean and cute, and well-placed by a large park and popular coffee shop, if you don't mind breaking your morning into multiple stops. Beverages are available here but priced high- Stumptown is an exclusive roast and a small cold brew will set you back over $5 with similar hot chocolate and juice prices."
"Mediterranean is my favorite cuisine- and chicken shwarma is one of my favorite dishes. Add in a great garlic sauce, and you'll have me eating out of your hand! Alas, Hedary's food is too bland to warrant additional visits for me.

Opted to combine the best aspects of the Shwarma and Roasted Chicken sandwiches on the menu by getting a chicken shwarma with garlic sauce. Side defaults to potatoes, subbed the tabouli (which was an unreasonable charge). Total came to $17- not thrilled about that.

Sandwich was just okay. Pita was tasty enough, but the meat wasn't particularly flavorful- the seasoning mix was lacking, garlic sauce was bland, I was underwhelmed. The tabouli side is a standard cup for $3.25- same portion is a dollar less to sub during lunch, for no apparent reason, and the dish itself is fragrant but again- BLAND.

Service was polite but slow. Interior is nicely decorated and they appear to have hookah available for the patio seating. Location somewhat difficult to see from the street as it is behind another building.

NOTE: Menu states there is a $3 $4 $5 Mon-Fri HH, but no actual special menu appeared to be available?"
"The ""Not So Secret Salad"" is one of my favorite salads in town! It's more of an interpretation than an actual salad, but I don't let that pesky detail get in the way. The dish is tempura-fried spinach leaves with a sweet-and-spicy dressing slash dipping sauce. You can dip the leaves as you go and eat it like nachos, or dump on the dressing and attempt to use a fork. Either way, your taste buds will be quite delighted. You can share this as an app or order it as your main, like I do.

Nittaya's Secret Kitchen has $11 lunch specials that include a salad and potsticker, as well as a Happy Hour (Mon-Thurs, 3-6PM). The Not So Secret Salad is also $11 though, so I find myself ordering that instead of branching out to try new things.

Small neighborhood place, classy décor and local art, lots of wines available. They have a small section of patio seating, and some day I'll actually try something else on the menu."
"Not my favorite location, has not been upgraded to include hot foods department and dine-in as others have. They also seem to have a lot less markdowns and less traffic in general. 

There seem to be more staff present here than at other locations, but they never seem to interact with customers, highly prefer the location on N. Jones for better selection and service.

Double-check any meats you buy here, particularly if they have a discount sticker. Some of the fish and ground beef I've seen here looks like it should be thrown out."
"I'm not a fan of this mall. I'm not a fan of malls in general, but this one is constantly crowded, with the worst parking system. The massive array of chain stores generally have small storefronts and limited stock, with the exception of the larger anchor stores. But even my experiences with those were dismal due to limited and clueless sales staff. There are a few solid places here, but all offer online shopping and with the inconvenience to park here and deal with crowds, I cannot justify making a visit in person. The hassle is such that on the rare occasion I want to visit a restaurant here, I park at a casino across the street, weave my way through to the street, and walk across."
"Website advertises various HH specials, particularly cheap drinks and a $5 Triple Angus Burger from 1-3PM- a quick call to the restaurant confirmed this was a daily offering. But of course, I show up on a Saturday, and the drink specials are available but the burger is not offered on weekends during their brunch specials.

The brunch specials are affordable and large portions- particularly the $8 omelet, made with 4 eggs, mushrooms, spinach, and an unspecified ""artisan cheese"" that tasted like a regular sharp cheddar. It was cooked well and served with a side of sliced, fried potatoes, that were the only disappointment on the plate, as they were extremely greasy.

Service during my visit was friendly and fun, bartender reminded me of Mr. Clean and had a great personality. Unfortunately, during their ""brunch hours"" (open-3PM weekends?), they have a DJ blasting music that didn't really go with the vibe of the ""wine bar"" (and eventually gave me a headache, no drinking necessary).

Eventually I'll come back for that $5 burger my friends raved about... Overall, I didn't really care for their wine selection, and am genuinely baffled as to how and why this is considered a wine bar. It's a trendy restaurant with loud music and some wine, pretty standard for Vegas."
"If you're a hipster with a Swiss Army knife keychain, a Northface tee, and a stand-up paddle boarding habit, this may be your favorite store. However, for those of us who merely entertain a seasonal interest in the outdoors, this place wasn't up to par.

Considering the price point and specialized nature of the products in this store, I expected more in the way of customer service. As in I expected to get some in general but received none. I love combining hiking with water, and was looking into whether it would be worth it to buy my own kayak.

Hung around the kayak section for nearly a half-hour, checked out prices, looked at straps to transport it, but was never asked if I needed help or had any questions. Kayaks, for those of us who didn't know, are generally about $400 here while stand-up paddleboards will apparently run you into the quadruple digits. Again, with prices like that, I shouldn't have to wonder if I can transport such a purchase on my own car, someone should have that info and be interested in sharing it with me.

Did my own research here, and I'll likely continue to rent as needed rather than purchase, but even if I changed my mind I wouldn't be inclined to bring my business here."
"Don't let the run-down strip-mall exterior fool you, there's some surprisingly sophisticated Mexican food here! When I saw all of these five-star reviews for a new place I'd never heard of, I made a beeline to check them out that very day. 

SHRIMP EMPANADAS: Got an order of 3, just as good as everyone else says. Empanadas are perfectly cooked without being oily, and the filling is just the right amount with a slight kick of spice and they don't skimp on the shrimp.

MARLIN TACO: Be still my heart! I fell in love with marlin tacos on a recent trip to San Diego and can't get enough of them since. A small taco, for $3.50, with cheese, several avocado slices, and perfectly roasted marlin. So good I almost ordered a few more to-go.

AGUACATE RELLENO: Special of the day, a ceviche-stuffed avocado. Each 'cado half was overflowing, and there was a pile more on the plate. I don't think I've ever had more ceviche for $12, and the avocado was huge. Plating was beautiful, with a rim of cucumber slices serving a functional and decorative purpose.

Personable service, plentiful portions, and good prices for high-quality Mexican seafood. This isn't your average taco shack, this place is SO much more!
**Free horchata with Yelp check-in!**"
"Let me preface this by saying that I'm not a huge fan of lobster. Preposterous, I know. But I had to figure out if that Lobster & Waffle hype was real. The Lobsterfest propaganda finally worked on me. Service was polite, food came out fast, and they were surprisingly busy for a weekday lunch. 
 
The Lobster Waffle itself was just okay: crispy lobster tail was tasty, waffle was just okay, syrup was unnecessary. I had less than half of the waffle, preferring the regular biscuits instead. In any case, I might actually come back, because I was intrigued by the lunch specials and small plates offerings."
"A colleague recommended this garage as a good spot to get work done that allows you to bring in your own parts. We took our car in when the AC started making a noise. Ultimately they did not find a problem with the AC, but found another issue to fix that was around $500 due to their extremely high labor fee- $130/hour! 

Less than a week later, we were driving down Charleston when the hood started smoking- it was the AC belt, as expected, despite the ""thorough check"" here. We also found a handful of Hot Tamales candies melting under the hood, apparently from one of the mechanics having a snack while he worked on our vehicle. Despite the extremely convenient location to my home and work, I'll be going elsewhere for future automotive repairs.

Response to management: Nope, not a mistake. The appointment just wasn't under my name."
"Solid Chinatown plaza- home to great eateries such as Chada Thai & Wine and District One, with drinks available at Cue D's (the alcoholic sort) and Icy Juicy (the boba variety). Love how I can park here and wander the plaza for a while with multiple good businesses- the parking can be difficult though after nightfall.

Only criticisms are the giant CLOSED sushi restaurant (Kaya? Kaizen? starts with a K) taking up a space that could be used to open another great business. AND the annoying sign for Cravin' Cajun, still up eons after the business itself has closed. Property management, can we update this joint just a bit please?"
"I've come by twice for the lunch buffet, and it's one of my favorite deals in town: $12 for a limited but quality selection of Indian entrees and sides, as well as multiple house-made chutneys, fresh fruit, and a made-to-order naan and dosa station. Really, what more could you ask for? Oh, they also include mango lassi. Seriously!

The garlic naan is the first thing I get my hands on, fluffy and crispy and all for me. By far my favorite indian dish is goat curry, and I found it here on my first visit and really enjoyed it. Their tandoori chicken and various biryanis are also solid, along with their ultra-silky daal. I also like how light the batter is on their samosas and pakoras. Service while dining was attentive with refills and placing orders for additional dosas and naan, and the dining room is nicely appointed.

I don't know if they have a schedule for when they feature what dishes or if it's just based on what's in the kitchen, but definitely try any lamb or goat dishes you come across!"
"Despite living a full half hour away from Cyclebar Henderson (on a good day!), I have a membership here because I really do love the classes. The facility is clean and organized, staff are passionate and energetic. Liz is my preferred instructor, but all of them have been pretty good. You will sweat and you will push yourself, but you'll enjoy it. Props for having theme rides and on-screen competitions (which I see less of elsewhere). I also love how your class data (calorie burn, distance, RPM, etc) are available afterward! It's a great workout.

The thing I like most is they don't nickle and dime you like other cycle studios- SHOES, towels, water bottles, lockers, and snacks (fresh fruit!) are included in your class price! Pricing is competitive with other options in town ($22 drop in rate), and buying packages is your most affordable option (down to $10/class). Current early-afternoon and weekend classes are limited but hopefully they'll be adding hours as they increase membership. 

Management, please bring back the 4PM weekday class (or even a 4:30)!

TIP: first class is always free! If you want to join me one day, let me know."
"I put off going here for the longest time because I'm the biggest glutton for classic frozen desserts: the Western is basically my childhood in a cup, with a cherry. Then again, most of middle America can probably say that as the combination of flavors are basically every great sundae you've ever had.

Menu is a variety of sundaes (Western and Sprinkles varieties are faves), cones or cups with their current flavors (they never seem to have Blue Moon!), and various beverages- I will say that most sundaes have some sort of nut on them, so be clear to order accordingly if you have an allergy! And give me your extras. ;)

Service is polite but somewhat less than stellar- if theres' a line 12-deep and 3 people in the building, perhaps they should have more than one person making each order one at a time. Just a thought.

Prices are a slight bit higher than I expected: the regular sundaes come to just over $6 with tax, but it's a size you can share. Those saying this is in a seedy area need to get a grip, it's  literally one building off the actual LV Blvd. Keep your wits about you."
"THE TACOS: Several options to choose from, including 3 vegetarian versions! Unfortunately I found the lengua plain and greasy, but the grilled fish taco was fairly good. Unfortunately it was wrapped in a waxy, store-bought flour tortilla. Prices are a little high, ~$3-4/per with a 50-cent discount on Taco Tuesdays. If you're going to hype up your tacos and price them higher than nearby taquerias, at least buy the good tortillas to use even if you don't make them in house (which isn't that hard).

THE BEER: Sat at the bar for my visit. Selection looks good, but my server/bartender wasn't particularly knowledgeable, friendly, or service-oriented. There were several friendly ladies behind the bar but the one serving patrons seemed to be the least suited for it. She barely made eye contact, didn't engage in any conversation, and didn't seem to want to be there. Perhaps she was having an off day.

THE REST: Interesting setup, lively atmosphere. The surprise hit of the night was the taco salad with grilled chicken, which had a lot of different, fresh ingredients (toasted pumpkin seeds, a tasty cilantro-ranch, some citrus!) and a low price tag. They have some live music events and are really pushing their Nacho House Sundays."
"I first heard about this spot through a friend on IG who raved about the freshness and texture of the cookies here. Despite dating a baker, I found myself here sooner rather than later- and we've liked them so much, we've been by multiple times!

Their namesake chocolate chip cookie is probably my favorite, but they do offer several varieties- check IG for a weekly menu and featured specials, like a marshmallow coconut chip. For the heathens that don't like CCC, they also have a few sugar cookie and peanut butter options. I tend to stick with the classics but have enjoyed most of what I've tried.

Cookies are about $3/ea, about the size of a hockey puck, competitively priced and sized compared to other cookie bakeries in town. They also offer gift packaging and vacuum sealing for shipping. Location is in an industrial area without exterior signage, so use your GPS. 

TIP: Grubhub ordering available. Our first order was for a dozen, and they stayed fresh over the course of a week- keep in an airtight container for best results."
"The older reviews here are lower than the more recent ones, and apparently they changed something, because I was pleasantly surprised by the cakes I received and I'm not easily impressed by miniature baked goods.

As Dana details in her review, the gimmick this place has that other bakeries don't is that you customize your order: the cake flavor, the filling, and/or the frosting, from several appealing choices. They also have a list of 20-odd suggested combinations with cutesy names.

Cakes I've tried here were decently moist and not too sweet, frosting is sugary but also has strong flavors: the peanut butter here is a favorite among many places I've tried it. PB and coffee are my usual flavors of choice, keep meaning to try the snicker doodle and carrot cake."
"Aloha spirit is here, service is genuinely excited to have you stop in, and they provide samples of favorite drinks! Though the name and menu mostly focus on drinks (hot/cold, caffeinated/non, tea, smoothies, etc.), there are also a few Chinese-Hawaiian dishes for small meals and snacks.

The green tea with peppermint and boba, 25% sweetness, was strongly flavored and nicely sized, while the green milk tea with peach and coffee jelly was a little too weird for my taste. Added on a breakfast musubi (spam, egg, and candy bacon) and it knocked my socks off- would come back to try other dishes, quality of food is better than similar spots that offer quick-reheat options."
"I came here for the fried onion noodle- and was disappointed. The dish a few trusted local friends and elites recommended either doesn't work at all as a takeout dish or I just had a dismal experience, so consider yourself warned. The a-choy vegetables (also frequently recommended) are good, consider them with the dish of your choice, or dine in for a better experience.

I actually tried to have the fried onion noodle dish a few times- once, I called in for takeout and was helped by a woman who didn't speak much english and insisted that they no longer had that dish on the menu. I came in another time, couldn't find it on the menu, and opted for an unmemorable beef-noodle dish. This final visit, I was at last able to try it- but the noodles were overcooked and clumped, the onions were minimal, and the egg was over.

Location has two menus: the formal menu with English/character dish names and photos does not have any prices listed. There is a separate checklist menu with just names and prices, no descriptions. Neither are especially conducive to an organized ordering experience."
"What kind of barbecue joint doesn't have any barbecue sauce?! This one.

Menu is limited but I guess the meats are good- the tri tip at least was relatively thick cut, pink in the center, and nicely seasoned in the Santa Maria style. It's good, splurge for the half-pound. However, the sandwich consists entirely of meat and dry bread. You can pay to add green chiles and/or cheese (in keeping with the NM theme of the Carlitos menu), but there is no sauce available at all, not even by request.  Cashier was super apologetic about this and mumbled something about it being the chef's choice? If this is done for the sake of authenticity, then a Santa Maria style salsa should be an option instead. As served, the sandwich itself tastes incomplete- good, but plain. 

Sides of (ranch style?) beans and a vinegar-based coleslaw were otherwise fresh and amply portioned."
"Munch a sub? More like Massive Subs! This spot is semi-hidden in the warehouse area, and a hot spot for blue-collar boys grabbing lunch. Portions are large and prices are fair, with most 6"" sandwiches clocking in at a mere $8 and change. Menu also offers some soups, pastas, and specials, like chili cheese dogs.

The #43 is a roast beef and turkey combo, with super-fresh bread and an ample amount of meat. My only gripe is that I added provolone and didn't receive it, so maybe this isn't the best place for customized orders. BF was a little underwhelmed with the Pastrami sando, with minimal melted swiss and thousand island sauce, but it's definitely a large amount of meat.

Service was friendly and quick. Interior is clean with a ton of seating crammed into the small spot, ~30 chairs. Crowd is mostly men from the nearby businesses- if you're a single lady looking for a nice guy with a good job, try stopping in here to pick up more than your lunch! ;)"
"Just when I think I've done all the hikes at Red Rock, I realize I've overlooked this one. Or perhaps I just mixed it up with Calico Basin or Calico Hills. Either way, it's similar to a couple of other trails, in that it has the same great RR views and good elevation gain, but the end point is the ""tanks"", a pit formation that likely would be filled with water if this weren't a desert. Despite going on a rainy morning, it was still dry, so don't get your hopes up.

This trail shoots off of the route for Turtlehead Peak and is rated ""moderate"" by the RR guide. We found it to be fairly easy- lots of rock stairs and some light scrambling that gets more difficult as you ascend, but nothing strenuous. Not sure I'd recommend it for dogs or children.  We were up within an hour even taking our time picking up litter and taking pictures of frogs. The best part about this trail was getting it all to ourselves until the way down. The lot was deserted at 8AM and started filling up by the time we left, shortly before 10, so go early for the best experience. 

TIP: I hear there's a way to access this trail without entering RR, essentially doing the route in reverse. Haven't tried it myself yet, Bird and Hike site should have more info."
"Cute little French-style cafe in the downtown area. I've been wanting to visit but their tragic weekday-only breakfast and lunch hours have made it impossible with my work schedule. Hopefully they will eventually expand their hours, but for now they're a good option for those who work downtown or are visiting the courthouse. Staff were friendly during my short visit during a day off work, outdoor seating is a nice touch.

Menu has salads, sandwiches, quiches, pastries, desserts, and tartines- the last of which was my choice. The goat cheese, mushroom, and walnut dish is essentially an open-faced sandwich, well-portioned and hearty but a bit difficult to eat and cut due to the thickness of the bread itself. This is served with a side salad for a full meal around $10. I may eventually go back for the salmon version if they happen to open weekends."
"We are blessed to have so many great Greek dining options in Vegas! Elia is one to pick for a nicer lunch or dinner out. You don't need to dress up, but don't come fresh from the gym either (like I did my first time), there's a more formal feel here from the white table cloths to the demeanor of the servers. 

Their standout is the grilled octopus appetizer, which I consider a must-get item despite the high price ($16) because it is so fresh and tender, comparable to Milos on the Strip. Their lunch specials include a pita sandwich (get the pork) for something hearty and several light salads if you're not too hungry. Some items, like their kolokythakia (fried zucchini) are only available on the dinner menu, so multiple visits may be necessary to try all the good stuff."
"Confused that the Yelp listing is not Todd English's Olives, as the restaurant signage, menu, and promotional materials state. I guess Todd himself dined here and had an experience similar to mine, and didn't want his name associated with the place.

The food ranged from tasty cheese on the charcuterie board and surprisingly good espresso martinis, to average/mediocre everything else- and we ordered a lot. Tables are initially served a breadbasket with three mismatched breads, and a tray of olives and two tapenades- the green is best.

CHARCUTERIE BOARD: two types of tasty cheeses (one was a blue), two types of meat (salami and prosciutto?), dates, candied walnuts, and crisps. Wish I could tell you what type of cheese it was, but all dishes were presented without any sort of explanation or comment.
FOIE GRAS: served with fresh fig (singular), port reduction (gross), and truffle crema (tastless, certainly no truffle here). Served without any sort of crackers or bread, and our breadbasket was empty and no one ever refilled it.  Did not care for the texture, flavors seemed off. Would have shared this with my server, but we never saw him.

BRICK OVEN ROASTED FREE RANGE CHICKEN: served with a potato cake and green means, all amid a sea of tasty jus, but the chicken itself was bland. Recurring issue with dishes here. Again, even just salt would have helped this dish.
BONE-IN NY STRIP SPECIAL: served with green beans and fingerling potatoes, steak was plated with a giant puddle of some sort of cabernet sauce? Guess it was meant to hide the fact that the meat was flavorless aside from gobs of fat in every bite, and unseasoned to the point that it desperately needed salt. No char or sear at all. 

MUSHROOM RISOTTO: decent-ish side, mediocre version of a favorite dish. The table ate the entire portion though.
CRISPY ZUCCHINI: no menu description, expected a roasted version but received a plate of tempura zuke covered with cheese. Hard not to like that but odd considering the rest of the menu. 

As you can see, we had issues with the service. The restaurant wasn't that busy, yet we rarely saw our server. Literally went 20 minutes wanting a martini that I couldn't order because he never came by. When he did, he didn't seem to care at all. We were asked what we wanted to drink, what we wanted to order, and if we had any questions- no intro, no script, no explanation of specials, devoid of personality. Didn't even ask to see a dessert menu because we were so put off by the flavorless food and nonexistent service."
"New local coffee shop option across from Sunset Park, in the same business park as Heidi's Brooklyn Deli. Menu offers hot, iced, and blended beverages, along with light breakfast and lunch food options. A few cookies, macarons, and brownies are on display at the counter. Service is friendly, soy milk is available.

The iced café mocha with dark chocolate and soy milk was a tastier option than the cold brew with added vanilla sweetener (which somehow ended up more like a latte). Coffee itself was robust, a large is around $5."
"Love the old-school décor: romantic ambiance, dim lighting, classic jazzy tunes,  black and white photos of past days at Carmines NYC everywhere. The bar area is nice, sit there for a cocktail before your meal or dine at one of the few high tops for minimal wait times.

Favorite dishes include the meatballs- huge and delicious mix of beef and veal, these are a must order! The seafood salad is also solid, decoratively served with fresh baby endive and plenty of octopus. Anything with fresh mozzarella is always a win, too. The main pasta dishes feature your choice of pasta and sauce- the penne and red sauce was fine, neither the sauce nor pasta really wowed me but they were cooked perfectly al dente, pasta is fresh made in house daily. I wish they had a mushroom pappardelle option. 

I did not care for the tiramisu dessert (minimal lady fingers, mostly mascarpone) or the  cold eggplant salad dish we received. I would come back for the eggplant parmigiana, shrimp scampi, and chicken scarpariello dishes. 

NOTE: Prices are not available on website menu, use Yelp photos- and don't freak out, everything is served family style, portions are ample for sharing with a group (~4)."
"Glad to see more fresh and healthy options opening up around my side of town! I've now popped into Grabbagreen a handful of times for breakfast, lunch, and smoothies. Highly recommend finding them on social media, as they have discounts and promos fairly regularly.

PROS:
+ They can meet pretty much any dietary restriction from vegan to paleo to pescatarian, GF, etc. via customizations. The DIY option is probably your best bet and seems to have better portion sizes for some dishes.
+ Early open hours allow me to drop by on my way to work, super convenient. Breakfast menu has both sweet (acai bowls) and savory (steak, veggie, and chicken hash), plus the smoothies. It's also right up the street from my gym!
+ Their sauces are great, particularly the chimmi churri, harissa, and chili mango. Curious about the nutritional info on the sauces, but they really boost the dishes.
+ Staff are polite and efficient, particularly the owner, Sam. Their location is always super clean and bright, no issues with parking either.
+ Their Tractor fountain beverages are stellar. Unique flavor combinations like Mandarin-Cardamom, super refreshing without any chemicals, synthetics, or artificial anything.
+ Favorite menu item so far is the Mediterranean Sea bowl (which oddly has chicken, not seafood). I might stick to this or DIY bowl, but plan to try the Moroccan Mac and Chili when the weather cools off.

I really like their concept, location, and service, but I do wish they offered other options for protein preparation. They seem to cook via steaming, which is super healthy but sometimes lacks flavor (hence the sauce suggestions above). I would love to be able to get baked salmon or a grilled shrimp/chicken/etc option instead, as they tend to be more flavorful."
"Got a sweet tooth? Get thyself to Freed's!
Cases upon cases of cakes and cookies available for $17/lb, all in beautiful colors with lovely craftsmanship. The strawberry shortcake and wedding cake slices are my preference, but the cupcakes are solid too, my guy prefers the chocolate peanut butter. Enter and grab a ticket, staff will call your number to collect your order.

In addition to grab-and-go goods, Freed's is popular for special order cakes. Their pricing is extremely reasonable and flavors are delicious. You can order online or visit in person and head straight to the display room on the left.

Vegas has many talented bakers and pastry chefs, but Freed's staff are also super friendly. They also get bonus points for being active in the community, having discount days, hosting fundraisers, and offering specials for teacher appreciation and the like."
"Two words: Herbal salad! That stuff is delicious, D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S!

Not even kidding, I've never ordered anything else here. The fact that my gym is right down the street may be a factor but this is honestly one of the tastiest salads out there, made with a mix of apple, coconut, lemongrass, basil, lime, and cashews, plus crispy tofu. All the ingredients have great texture, and harmonize nicely. Order a level 2 or 3 (1-10 scale) for a bit of punch in the house dressing that doesn't overpower the delicate balance of flavors.  

Service is polite and fast, restaurant is clean, lunch specials available til 3PM, and the menu has an entire page of vegetarian and vegan-friendly dining options."
"Every time I go to Good Pie, it just keeps getting better! Chef Vincent Rotolo and his staff are nailing the slice game with Detroit, Brooklyn, and grandma-style pies that are as tasty as they are picturesque. They even have gluten-free and vegan options, so no one has to miss out on the goodness.

Location is a small spot in Pawn Plaza, decorated with wooden spoons, cheese-grater light fixtures, and photos of grandmas everywhere. It's cozy with bar seating and some exterior tables, but most orders seem to be takeout. I try to place an order before heading in because the display makes me want to take everything I can carry.

Good Shroom- my favorite so far, with a medley of mushrooms, caramelized onions, and 3 kinds of cheese. Worth the extra workouts.
Good White- give me the garlic oil, and on one gets hurt. Love the addition of basil to this classic.
Good Pep- tried this during their opening and while it was tasty, what they're serving now looks way better so I need a redo on this one.
Good Veg- I regularly celebrate Meatless Mondays but the one time I had this version, everything was super fresh but not amazing like other pies. Still probably better that other places, though.

Service has been friendly even when they're hella busy and I love following them on social media and seeing the great community connections they have. Vegas is a huge food city and there really is no reason for so much competition- Vincent's genuine relationships with other chefs in the pizza posse is refreshing. Someone call me when there's a group available to share the Good $hit pie!"
"I don't know if I believe in magic, but I do believe in knife-shaved noodles! Much like Shaang and Noodle Man, Magic Noodle offers a similar menu of housemade noodle dishes, rices, and apps, served in a wood-accented dining room where the focal point is a glassed-in kitchen where the staff are stretching and pulling the noodles to order. The guys here have been especially great about putting on a show for the camera, so whip out your phone and get it on the 'gram.

I always have to order spicy wontons if I see them on a menu, and the version here were generously portioned and very thinly-skinned, with a great house-made chili oil sauce. The Szechuan Beef Noodle Soup is a huge portion of ""spicy"" (not really) broth with chunks of beef brisket, broccoli, and plenty of noodles- specify knife-shaved for the chewy, curly style I like best.  Looking forward to revisiting for the pancakes and burrito apps next time!"
"This is performance dessert:  sit at the bar to watch the delicate menu items come to life, the chefs using unusual tools and even tweezers to make sure everything has perfect presentation, then try to have the heart to eat the art. The $20 pre-fixe includes an amuse-bouche palate cleanser, your choice of main dessert, and ends with petit-fours you can customize by flavor and filling.

Amuse was a flavorful pineapple sorbet topped with lychee jelly.
The CARIB is visually stunning, served in a wine glass covered with a candy lid that is melted with heated fruit sauce as it is served falling into the glass to mix with the other ingredients prior to eating: fruits, custard, caramelized banana, and mango jelly combine harmoniously.  By far one of the more unique desserts I've tried. 
The MT. FUJI is a delicate sponge cake with custard, topped with delicate ribbons of coffee-flavored cream and shards of chocolate. This dessert was more in line with what I look for in desserts, and seems to be a safer menu option.
Other options are the STELLA (strawberry tiramisu), the RED ROCK (raspberry lava cake), and the BATON (pistachio cream in chocolate tube). 
The PETIT FOURS, similar to profitroles, available in customized flavor fillings and jellies. Raspberry and black currant was a good combination. Presentation even for this simple ending is beautiful, completed by a smear of citrus sauce and two house-made marshmallows.

All of the desserts look amazing, and with the amount of business they get in the evening you are sure to see them all. Unique place to experience even if you're not a dessert person, definitely a place I'd suggest all locals go at least once for a sweet date night. It's like an intimate, made-to-order version of Extraordinary Desserts (in San Diego).

PS: Don't leave without stopping by the bathroom!"
"I don't understand those people who say Vegas doesn't have enough donut shops- I feel like there's a new one popping up every month or so. Even though I'm not typically a donut fan, I made a special trip here to check it out after hearing about the unique creations here.

THE KING is a huge, decadent donut filled with banana and peanutbutter, topped with chocolate and a caramelized banana- it's sinfully good. The intense PB flavor really does it for me. 
The MAPLE BACON BAR takes me back to Portland's VooDoo Donuts- except the version here is more than just eye candy. The crumbled crispy bacon adds both flavor and texture, creating the perfect salty-savory-sweet that I love about this menu item. 

Polite staff, small but cute space, large selection even at 4PM, awesome hours extend to 7PM- who says donuts are just a breakfast food?! I'll have to pop back in soon to try the PBJ I'd originally planned on."
"""I eat a little bit of everything and not a lot of anything."" -- Giada quote etched into the light fixtures above the dining room. I guess that's justification for the small portions. The other harbinger for our dismal dining experience was the tray of seasonings brought out with the bread plate. The food should be seasoned by the chef, not the diners.

BARBARELLA: This cocktail was similar to an adult lemonade. I enjoyed the basil accents and the rather large glass, but it's not worth $15.
WOOD ROASTED MUSHROOMS: Menu says this comes with roasted Marcona almonds and ricotta salata. They were basic mushrooms, but the thin cheese slices were a nice touch. No almonds were present.
GRILLED OCTOPUS: Charred exterior but slightly overcooked and no seasoning whatsoever. Had to ask for lemon, which was embarrassing. Texture seemed to have been boiled to cook and then grilled to add blistering. Disappointing.
PECORINO TARTUFO: the cheese course suggested by our server, plated with apricot preserves. A highlight! Great salty richness to the cheese with a hint of a truffle crust, the sweetness of the fruit was a good complement. But when the cheese course is one of your most memorable dishes, you're in trouble.
""SPICY ITALIAN SAUSAGE ARANCINI"": The name and description are laughably misleading. There is no sausage in this dish, server insisted it's in the risotto crust. Spice flavor was extremely slight. There's no reason whatsoever for the name to reference sausage if it's basically ricotta(?) cheese sticks with marinara sauce. Two thumbs down.
ROASTED BABY BEET SALAD: This was fine. Beets and goat cheese on a bed of frisee with a light dressing and some pepitas. Not bad but nothing different here.
STEAK TENDERLOIN CROSTINI: A surprise hit! Good balance of flavors between the thin-cut tenderloin and a mustard-esque sauce and some pickled veggies. Thick, crisp base. Seems to be a newer offering in this category.
COLD PEA SOUP: Completely unbalanced. Tasted like pure pureed peas, had hoped for a delicate, subtle pea flavor offset by the pancetta... but it was not. Too bold, too forceful, no restraint, would not get again.
BACON WRAPPED DATES: Smoky, sweet, and a touch spicy. That's how this dish is supposed to play out, and it does, briefly. Then the sweetness overwhelms. Rather large portion compared to other dishes here, 6 pieces. I liked the bleu cheese crema, wish there was more of it.
LEMON POTATOES: Crispy ""smashed"" and fried potatoes. Nice blanket of cheese atop the order, nicely done, and the portion goes farther than you'd think.
SPAGHETTI: I don't care for the pronunciation guide for the pasta portion of the menu, but the spaghetti was decent. Attractively plated with two large and tasty shrimp and a small nest of pasta and a lemony cream sauce similar to an alfredo. As many other reviews state, $34 is a bit much for this dish. Compared to the original menu, the price has risen $6 in the past year. 
LEMONCELLO SOUFFLE: This was the dessert suggested by our server. It's presented tableside with a scoop of buttermilk gelato, which is placed atop the soufflé to melt into the dish. I liked the lemon flavors of the soufflé, but only the topmost portion was cooked to the light, airy style characteristic of a soufflé. Rather than having a gooey center, the entire bottom half of the dish seemed to be a gritty, soupy (though tasty) mess, which wasn't helped by the melted gelato.

SERVICE. Our server was polite, and suggested a few great dishes. The two-top tables for couples are small, and the plates are large, and we ordered a lot. Our table filled up quick, yet none of the bussers or servers removed our unused wine glasses, unnecessary bread plates, etc. Toward the end of our meal, service improved. It appeared our server had our table, along with another couple, in addition to a party of 10, which was a bit much for one person to handle.

After waiting a year to experience Giada's restaurant, our dining experience was disappointingly subpar. The menu and dish descriptions are precisely our style, but many of the dishes received did not match what we were led to expect- multiple dishes were missing ingredients and others lacked seasoning altogether. Though there are a few unique dishes here (no small feat in Vegas!), too many have better versions elsewhere on the Strip."
"Seriously disappointed. Bookmarked this spot while looking forward to great vegan options. WF emphasizes quality and I figured their restaurant would, too. Sure didn't seem like it from my visit, though. Note that the menu is seasonal, so don't get your heart set on any one dish. Their current HH menu no longer has any vegan items at all, which had been a big part of why I went there.

Opted for vegan sushi rolls. Each ""roll"" is actually a 4-piece half roll ($5-7), and somehow mine took over 20 minutes to come out. For what amounts to a single roll. No explanation was given, plating was sloppy with smeared sauces, and the food wasn't very good. Oh, and the ""dinner rush"" at the time consisted of exactly four people, all of whom were already served. 

Based on this experience, I wouldn't return. I can find better rolls ready-made in the refrigerator case 100 yards away. Grab your own meal at the hot foods area and just use this ""restaurant"" for seating."
"Decent-enough buffet: lots of seafood and traditional Asian dishes here, though the salads and dessert sections are minimal. A few fried and Americanized options available, making this place a bit more kid-friendly than you might expect.

Found it odd that this place also has a full bar? 
Sushi roll offerings at dinnertime are extensive: several special rolls, though they are not labeled, so be prepared to try a lot or be able to identify the types of fish you do/don't like. Some nigiri available, too.
Lots of crab, preference was for the salt and pepper fried Jonah crab claws rather than the typical Alaskan. 

$13/person weeknight dinner is not outrageous, and you can easily get your money's worth here, but this place isn't likely to blow your mind. Service is also what you'd expect for an Asian buffet, no surprises there."
"This place is old-school, they actually have some prices posted in cents! Small store with a lot of stuff to pick through. Exterior and window display have a vaguely hipster-friendly feel to them, and a lot of the stock is dated but still in good condition.  Donations accepted, free religious literature available at the entrance."
"The Sugar Cookie is a simple and straightforward cookie shop from St. George- I've actually been to their original location and am happy to find their sweet treats closer to home! The sugar cookies are their obvious specialty, with several flavor and frosting options. They also offer shortbread and specialty seasonal flavors. 

If you have flavor commitment issues, they offer a 4 pack of mini cookies (which are the perfect size!), so you can mix and match. The peanut butter chocolate and the original are my favorites. From now til December, their pumpkin chocolate chip cookie is the seasonal specialty, and it's cakey and flavorful, and pairs well with coffee.

Their new location is cute but difficult to see from the street- once you find it, you'll probably be back often. Don't forget to grab a punch card to earn freebies, and keep them in mind for large orders for special events."
"I'm in the Chinatown area often but there are so many restaurants constantly opening that a place has to be really good for me to go regularly. China Mama is one of the few, and I've both dined in and ordered takeout since they've changed the menu and ownership. Parking can be difficult to find in the evening.

My favorite things here are their appetizers. I highly recommend going with a group to share several dishes, including Mama's special pan-fried pork buns (which actually also come with egg), the spicy wontons, the soup dumplings, and the big mouth pork roll. The sliced fish in chili oil, mapo tofu, and sizzling soup are good entrees to share, portioned family-style. I haven't tried their rice or noodle dishes yet but the dan dan, cumin lamb, and crispy duck are next on my list."
"Recently came by for a late lunch after a meeting at Town Square, largely due to a photo of the Kabuki roll on IG. Social media marketing works, yall! Sat at the bar, ordered that and the Crispy Rice-Spicy Tuna. Chef was friendly, order was out fast, both were super fresh and photogenically plated. Signage about HH looked like a good deal, offered early and late, weekdays only. 

Only concern was that there were two listings for the crispy rice app with different prices- one inside menu under apps ($9)and one on a separate handout listing it as a ""small plate"" ($7), unclear what difference is, was charged higher price."
"Even if you don't drink a daily cup, you're bound to find something here worth trying. Though the specialty here is their massive variety of single-origin loose-leaf teas, they also have a a selection of KitcheNova baking and cooking supplies. Tea samples are available, as well as a snack or two, and employees are friendly and helpful about showing you around.

I don't drink tea nearly often enough to get the health benefits, but found a few varieties here that I was interested in. They have decorative and practical infusers, as well as kitchen supplies that are both functional and fun. It is a specialty store, and the prices are in line with that reputation. I expect they'll get pretty busy for the holiday gift-giving season, so pop in sooner rather than later. If you're a fan of Sheffield or Teavana, you'll be even happier here."
"Five stars for five years. I lived at this complex from 2014-2019, and the property was typically quiet and management was easy to reach and resolve the few issues that came up. I have recommended this property to several people trying to move to Vegas with either large dogs (accepted here, no breed restrictions) or foreclosures/broken leases in their credit history- they offer second chance financing. I initially signed a lease sight unseen, based on proximity to my job before moving to Vegas, and really lucked out with such a positive experience. 

Signage states that this is a ""luxury apartment community"" - over my time here, flooring was upgraded from carpet to wood laminate. Overall, floor plans, counters, appliances, etc are pretty standard. Noteworthy amenities include pools (one indoor, one outdoor), gym (separate key required but equipment a bit dated), and a tanning bed (did not use). Pricing is competitive with the area, rent includes WiFi through LVNet (never had issues) and discounted DirecTV service ($5/month service charge).

Lea (manager) and Quin (front office) were easy to work with. When repairs needed to be made, they were typically addressed quickly. Location is very convenient - public transportation (bus stop right outside gate), easy freeway access, can get to Chinatown, Strip, Summerlin, etc in under 15 minutes. No issues with safety or security, property is gated and they have patrols at night with an emergency line. Very quiet community!"
"Palace Station recently underwent extensive renovation, opening several new restaurants- Boathouse is the first one I've tried so far. Visited for their AYCE promo (expired end of May) and HH (2-6PM daily, bar only), having sushi both visits. Their full menu includes additional entrees and sides of more traditional Asian dishes- the market price whole crab and iron pot rice look amazing. 

AYCE sushi is definitely not new in Vegas but the menu here was cheaper ($17pp vs $20+ elsewhere). The lower price corresponds with a more limited menu, with less nigiri options and very few sides/apps. The spicy tuna roll, while on the basic side, was very fresh. Some rolls are more innovative, like the Trumpzilla with chili threads on top. The fish was fresh but not great quality, salmon was oddly only available smoked (like what you would pair with a bagel, not traditional sushi). This special definitely put it on my radar and persuaded me to visit the new business. Might be worth keeping around to drum up business between lunch and dinner.

HH is limited to bar area only, and is a more concise list of the AYCE menu- about six half price rolls and half off specific drinks. I found it odd that apps like their poke tacos were not listed here. Not bad pricing for grabbing a quick bite with a friend or a light dinner before hitting the movie theater upstairs. 

Service on both visits was warm and polite. Ambiance is modern and clean, private room available for groups or parties. Entrance by the movie theater is the closest to this restaurant."
"Dim sum brunch on Sundays is one of my favorite things. I gathered a group of my favorite gals and scheduled a meal here, and things went pretty well. Going with a group is key to share several dishes. There are carts that go around as well as a full menu to order from- note that the majority of the seafood and all of the bbq items are on the separate menu. 

Location is fairly nice, several large tables in the back room for groups. They were very busy when we went (1pm Sunday), I do recommend making a reservation. Everything we tried here was fairly well done, but it seemed there were some key dim sum dishes that never came around, like salt and pepper shrimp, BBQ buns, and the shrimp-chive dumplings. Eventually we found most of them on the menu, and they can be specially ordered. Unclear whether they have soup dumplings. Service during our visit was typical for dim sum- haphazard at best, drinks filled on request only, maybe this is worse in the back room. 

Standout dishes here were the egg tarts (amazing crust, so buttery and flaky!), seafood pan fried noodle (family size portion), crispy pork belly (great sauce too), and the shumai (bf's new fave). We all left stuffed and split the bill at about $25/pp, which is about on par with other places in town. I would come back for dinner to try their duck and seafood dishes- however, an observant friend did note that their seafood prices are on the steep side."
"Holy food court find, Batman! Kang Thai may be serving up food from a counter nestled into the Internet Cafe space by CSN but the quality, service, and presentation easily exceed what I've received in long-established brick and mortar locations. 

Came in with the BF, armed with a groupon. Ordered the crispy pork app ($9), shrimp pad se ew ($10), and green curry with chicken ($11). Other than receiving my noodle dish with chicken instead of seafood, all was great: heaping portions covered the plates, garnishes were provided, metal utensils and cups of water were provided, all brought out to our table on a tray. My noodles had plenty of veggies and protein, while the thick curry had a good heat level. The plentiful crispy pork app lived up to it's name in terms of terms of texture, and paired better with the curry sauce rather than the provided plum sauce. The app was demolished but our lunch portions were large enough to warrant a takeout box to comprise a dinner portion for later. I was extremely pleased with my find, discount or not. 

I work and live nearby and anticipate that this is the first of several visits here, both for dine in and takeout. They offer order ahead with GrubHub (via Yelp app), as well as delivery. Bonus points for offering several vegan items. I'll be coming back for the Kaw Man Kai (similar to Hainanese chicken) and Kaw Ka Moo (pork version) soon- fingers crossed they add Khao Soi to the menu too!"
