"Blood Brothers Brewing is worth the trek to at least a visit. 

I have been drinking Shumei and Paradise Lost for awhile which are available on taps at Good Catch Boil House. And here I was, finally here and able to try out more of their beers! 

You can either order a sampler or a half pint or a pint from their ever rotating draft list. And in case if you rather just want to pick up a bottle or 6 of them from the shop, you can also ask for a taste before committing.

If you are into sour beers, you would be delighted with their interesting IPA, Sour Ale which used different kind of fruits. And their Sour Ale White Lies series uses different grapes was also quite interesting too. 

Come by for a drink or 2 and enjoy their casual setting with friendly service and of course some good beers!

PS. You can even order bottles delivered to your place via their online shop."
"Thang Long is another Vietnamese Restaurant with Hanoi speciality  that opened up at the strip Mall right across from Vaughan Mills.

During the day it is a restaurant but at night Thang Long will be transformed to a Bar and Karaoke.. also specialized in Vietnamese pop songs just in case any of you guys want to drop by.

Inside is nicely decorated with 2 set of sofa and lounger and the front and the back of the restaurant. You will find yourself surrounded by TV.. yes this little place has 6 TVs and you will have a view no matter where you sit!

Special Ha-Noi Vermicelli ($8.99)
- This is the first time I ever has this dish so I have nothing to compare to. Grilled pork belly and pork patties soaked in fish sauce with Vermicelli and various lettuce, mint leaf and basil.
- The pork belly a little hard and chewy... maybe it is not fatty enough :) (gee I don't believe I said that!)

Pho Tai Name Ve Don - Medium rare Beef & Crispy Done Lightly Fat Beef ($6.50)
- Big disappointment... I don't think I will ever order Pho again here
- Soup based is really bland..just a hint of Beef flavour in the soup and not too many other.. no star anise is used..and is not served boiling hot...
- Noodle is the package dried type...
- Beef is tough and overcooked.. Crispy done Lightly Fat Beef? don't see or taste any fat.. and is mighty chewy

Banh Cuon Thit Cha Lua -Steam Rice Roll with Pork ($6.99)
- The best dish we ordered... thinly steamed rice sheet rolled in with shredded pork and wood ear mushroom topped with fried shallots. Nicely done and bring back a lot of childhood memory....

Service here is friendly and nice. Vietnamese pop song and karaoke video accompany us while we eat our lunch....

Nice environment and only if they would work on their cooking...

2.5 star"
"Montreal's bagels. everyone telling me about how good they are.... so I guess visiting St Viateur is on top of my to do list for my weekend in Montreal.

This location is the first I visited. Nothing fancy here, bagels... and more bagels.

For this afternoon only plain, sesame and poppy seeds are available. We also pick up some smoked salmon spread to go with them.

If you love your bagels dense, heavy and sweet... these babies are for you!"
"2.5 star

My experience with Arepa is limited...  aside from having the Venezuelan style  Arepa at Arepa Cafe http://www.yelp.ca/biz/arepa-cafe-toronto#hrid:Pxplj67nbkQA-VCbm8_93w/src:self which I thoroughly enjoyed. 

When my Yelp Friend suggested Arepiando, I am IN!

Prices wise, Arepiando's Arepa is almost half of what Arepa Cafe is charging... but the location of course matters a lot!! Arepiando is located in a Latin American area up in North York, while Arepa Cafe is down in Queen St West. The set up of Arepiando is more like a takeout place where you can watch the cook/cashier/owner preparing your arepa through the glass window.

Arepiando might serves really authentic Colombia Arepa, but I didn't enjoy the white corn arepa as much, I found that it was just too crunchy and chewy.  Since in Colombia, Arepa usually eaten as Breakfast or Afternoon snacks, so most of the Arepa here at Arepiando has cheese and eggs as the main ingredients!

My Yelp Friend decided on: 

Arepa con Chicharron ($5) - Fried Pork Skin with Cheese
- So chewy... so dried... I am glad I still have all my teeth if not I won't be able to eat the pork... but I might have problem digesting it though
- taste wise, it was pretty bland, the hot sauce on the side was pretty weak, I tried to dip it in the dressing.....

Arepa Ranchera ($4) - Eggs with Chorizo and Cheese
- definitely a breakfast sandwich.. the scrambled eggs were really fluffy but unfortunately the sausages were on the dry side

Lulo Juice Cocktail ($1.50) and Strawberry Soda ($1.50)
- My first experience with Lulo was good which has a citrus flavour
- My friend's Strawberry Soda tasted just like cough syrup!! But he like cough syrup!

The lady was so nice, even gave us a chicken empanada to try... but the empanada was meh too... bland and dry...

I really want to like Arepiando........ Maybe it is just me??"
"I am reviewing Asian King based on their Lunch Specials.

Not too many choice in the area for decent Cantonese food... so you might be stuck with Asian King if you have that urge.

Decent price for lunch $4.99 for a soup noodle of some sort, and the portion is huge.

My Beef Brisket with Wonton Noodle Soup ($4.99) was really flavourable...by tons of MSG. I was thirsty for the whole day after that. On the other hand, my Hot Yoga Date Thai vegetarian Fried Rice ($6.50) with soup and Spring Rolls was really blend tasting.

Services here is cold and efficient...... 

I don't know if I would be back to Asian King  for more MSG experience!"
"This is one of the nicest library in the area of Markham. When I walked in I am so glad that my tax money are putting into good use.

Angus Glen Public Library is nice and roomy, with plenty of windows, skylights and high ceilings.

There are plenty of seatings (sofas and seats) so you can just lounge around or you can use the private rooms if you want to have some privacy.

There are good selections of current paperbacks and best sellers. Most of them are in great conditions and some of them brand news since the library is only 3 years old or so.

I really enjoy spending a hour or 2 on my day off having a cup of coffee and lounging around using their wifi internet and read some magazines. 

Of course the best thing is the free wifi!!!"
