"A store that specializes in cheese curds doesn't have any? Well, they had bags of jalapeno cheese curds ($5.99 and less), but regular cheese curds were non-existent. Apparently, I need to return on Thursday's when cheese curd production is higher and they fill all their Costco orders or some explanation similiar. 
   There is a giant cheese/milk production facility right behind your store and you can't make some more curds or make some more cheese that makes more curds available. This is basically a waste of a store. It seems to serve as a sort of a Circle K for the white coated and masked milk employees milling around at the corner of Hardy and Broadway. Ended up buying $2 worth of jalapeno curds, but they could do alot more with this place than serve grab and go crap like a convenience store."
"It was $7 for a 6 inch turkey sub. Now Subway has real turkey and charges under $5, so TOGO's needs to match that price. Nothing really stands out in the #3 (turkey and cheese), so there is no compelling reason to eat turkey anymore at this chain. Perhaps one final pastrami run in the future. The kids making the sandwiches also don't listen to what you want, so watch them closely. Not sure how many hours they pre-slice the turkey ahead of time, but no fresh slicing involved here either."
"I have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. They also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. The waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. Our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, a dabble of grilled jalapeno and purple onion. This not really NY style as I was barely able to fold the thing, but it was all about that sourdough crust. In a surprise though, the pizza did not taste good reheated. Another surprise was the ""check in"" on facebook and get an order of chicken tenders for $2. These were small, hot and crunchy little tenders which were quite good. They have an upstairs with games and of course all the funky stuff is fun to check out. Half the patio is covered also, so that is a good thing."
Sad news for Bagel lovers. This place has closed.  They are converting to a healthy shake joint. I will always remember the discount bagel rack. Farewell.
