"The second most authentic Mexican experience I've had in Pittsburgh (see Edgar's Tacos in the Strip for the first).

Chips and salsa are brought to you as soon as you sit down, there are plenty of options, even for a vegetarian like me (that don't involve tofu, which has no place in Mexican food). It seems to be the only place around that has a wide selection of traditional Mexican beers.

I find the atmosphere a little hokey, but I feel like that goes with the territory."
"I have loved this place ever since it opened. I've never had a bad drink here, and I find it fascinating to watch the incredibly hipster staff make them with so much attention to detail. I love the way they serve you a glass of bubbly when you first get in.

I also really enjoy the food - you should definitely consider ordering snacks to go with your cocktails! They rotate the menu so it's hard to keep up but everything has been delicious.

What keeps me from giving it 5 stars? The prices. The price of even standard drinks (e.g. a gin and tonic) is a little high for my liking. I would come here all the time if it were just a tad less expensive! I still come here at least once a month because I just can't resist."
"A true French eatery. I've been here for brunch, and had La Bastille, a wonderful savory vegetarian crepe. Make sure you take a box of macarons to go! They are the real deal.

The only reason I can't give this 5 stars is that it is a little too French - the portions are very small for the prices. A nice treat for myself once in a while."
"Ritters is where I go for diner food when I don't want to wait at Pamela's or it's an off-hour time. Standard diner fare but with a Greek twist.

I very much like the stuffed grape leaves and the spinach and feta omelette. I haven't sampled much else on the menu because I'm vegetarian and the dinner options are limited in that regard.

On a different note, I find the diner atmosphere to be a little depressing. The interior could use some cleaning and sprucing up. Additionally, several times I've been there the table has smelled strongly of cleaning product, which is not very appetizing.

I would really like to give it 3.5 stars, but that's not an option."
